Chapter 1: I'm a Professional Player?

Early June, the weather was hot and humid, and it was drizzling outside the window.

"Buzz Buzz..."

Inside the room, the phone on the bedside table kept vibrating.

"Quiet, quiet, stop making the noise. I'll wake up after a while."

Fang Heng, who was lying on the bed, muttered under his breath and habitually reached out to turn off the alarm.

"Hmm? Where's my alarm?" he thought to himself.

In a daze, Fang Heng opened his eyes.

The small and narrow room was messy. A small wooden bed and a game cabin occupied about one-third of the room. The takeout food was left on the wooden table and there were a few empty wine bottles scattered on the floor.

There was a picture hanging on the wall. A somewhat handsome young man was holding on to his trophy while being surrounded by the crowd who was cheering for him.

There was no smile on his face. Instead, there was a hint of arrogance.

Fang Heng's body trembled. He suddenly sat up straight and woke up with a start. He was no longer sleepy at all.

What the hell! This isn't my home!

In an instant, countless chaotic messages entered Fang Heng's mind.

This body was called Fang Heng, just like him.

He committed suicide last night?

"My soul has crossed over to his body?" Fang Heng wondered.

"Buzz..."

The phone was still vibrating in his hand. Fang Heng saw the caller ID, and the words "Big Trouble" written in the remarks.

Fang Heng picked up the phone, and a crisp female voice came from the other end.

"Fang Heng! You b*stard! Where have you been? I couldn't find you all day! Are you getting ready to commit suicide and end this once and for all?!"

Ugh...

Fang Heng was silent for a moment when he heard the question on the phone.

He could hear the anxiety in the other party's tone.

"I'm sorry to have made you worry. What's the matter?"

On the other end of the phone, Xia Xi was stunned.

In the past, Fang Heng would never say something like "Sorry".

"Are you okay?"

Fang Heng realized that he had said something wrong.

In his memory, the original owner of this body had a very violent temper. He was not going to apologize to anyone even if he was in the wrong.

Fang Heng imitated the impatient tone of the original owner of this body.

"Is there anything else? If not, I'll go back to sleep."

"Wait, a friend of mine opened a new online gaming company and is recruiting professional players. Her company is very big and the benefits are very good." Xia Xi bit her lips lightly, "I didn't manage to contact you yesterday, so I sent your resume over first. The interview time is set for tomorrow afternoon."

Gaming company?

For a moment, images quickly flashed past Fang Heng's eyes.

His gaze once again fell on the photo on the wall.

The original owner of this body was once a professional player from a certain gaming club. At his peak, he had represented his country in the world championships and had achieved good results in international competitions.

However, the original owner had a bad temper and often got into fights with his teammates.

Later, to please his girlfriend, he was instigated by his girlfriend to accept money to help others fix matches.

Soon, the club's results suffered a sudden decline and the fighting incidents were exposed on the internet. His involvement in match-fixing was also found out by the management and he got kicked out of the club.

If Xia Xi hadn't gone around to help him plead for leniency, he might have even been arrested and sent to prison for his criminal actions.

"The interview is set. Anyway, you better tidy up yourself. I'll pick you up tomorrow afternoon."

Xia Xi hung up after saying that, not giving Fang Heng the chance to refuse.

Fang Heng held his phone in a daze, listening to the busy tone after the call was hung up.

"No wonder, I'm a professional player."

Fang Heng's gaze shifted to the simulation game cabin in the room and tried to recollect the memories of this body.

The world after he had crossed over was very similar to the parallel world where Fang Heng originally lived, except for one special thing.

The King of Gods' game!

This national game was not just empty words in this world.

All humans would be forcefully dragged into the King of Gods' space to become players when they reached adulthood.

In the early stages, players would have to choose one of the three dangerous apocalypse survival games to join, and they would be forced to stay in the game for at least 30 days every year.

In addition, every player would awaken a talent skill after entering the game.

The previous owner of this body was extremely lucky to obtain the highest level of talent, the S-level, in the game, and this also laid the foundation for him to become a professional player.

One had to know that there were only a few hundred players in China who had obtained S-level talent.

Fang Heng scratched his head.

His memory was somewhat lacking and he had already forgotten why the original owner of the body had committed suicide.

However, ever since the original owner of this body was chased out by the gaming club, he had no income at all and he had not paid his rent for more than half a year.

Fang Heng looked through his phone again and saw that quite a few messages were pressing for payment of debts.

No way... could it be that he had died of poverty?

Fang Heng had never had any big ambitions and he did not want to be rich. He just wanted to spend his life peacefully.

"I need to think of a way to get some money... Well, I have an interview related to gaming tomorrow afternoon... anyway, I'll go to the game to check out the situation first."

...

[Welcome back to the King of Gods' space.]

[Entering the elementary game - 'Zombie Apocalypse'.]

The game world was considered to be an alternate real world.

After players entered the game world, if they died, they would be in a spiritual state and be forcefully sent back to the King of Gods' space.

Unless they had special tools or skills, they would be devoured by the King of Gods' space after three consecutive deaths and be completely dead.

When he entered the game and opened his eyes, a pale and terrifying face appeared in front of Fang Heng.

A zombie was less than half a meter away from Fang Heng.

"F*ck!"

Fang Heng was so scared that he took two steps back.

What a shock!

After calming himself down, Fang Heng realized that this zombie was his clone.

"Oh right, S-level talent!"

Fang Heng opened the character page and switched to the character talent skill observation.

Talent skill: Zombie clone

Talent level: S

Talent description: You have a permanent zombie clone. The zombie clone has 39.5% of the main body's attributes and an additional 780% of the main body's HP. It inherits some of the main body's basic skills and passive skills. After leaving the battle for 7.8 hours, it will regain its full status. After dying, it will automatically resurrect 27.5 hours later.

Additional description: By increasing your player's level, the zombie clone will receive a higher percentage of attribute bonuses and shorten the resurrection time.

"This S-level talent doesn't seem very strong..."

Fang Heng muttered to himself and closed the game description.

He recalled that the zombie clone did not have the capacity for thinking. It only accepted Fang Heng's orders and he couldn't control it after it left his sight.

Under normal circumstances, apart from using the zombie clone to fight, the zombie clone could also 'hack'.

Even after logging off, the zombie clone could still faithfully carry out Fang Heng's orders.

However, it wasn't very clever, so it could only accept the simplest hack order.

While thinking, Fang Heng opened the game log to check.

[Your zombie has started collecting materials and exploring the area.]

[Your zombie has entered Highway 102.]

[What did your zombie notice?]

[Your zombie has picked up some common waste by the roadside.]

[Your zombie continues to move forward.]

[Your zombie encounters a group of zombies that are coming at him.]

[Your zombie continues to explore.]

[Your zombie brushes past a group of zombies.]

[Your zombie picks up a piece of wood by the roadside*1.]

[Your zombie picks up a piece of wood by the roadside*1.]

...

[Your zombie finds a pile of trash by the roadside.]

[Your zombie is trying to search the pile of garbage...]

[Search failed!]

[Your zombie obtained contaminated bottled water during the search*1.]

[Your zombie backpack is full, returning to the shelter.]

[Your zombie has completed 20 rounds of gathering materials. It is waiting for new orders.]

Fang Heng quickly estimated the benefits of the hack.

Some basic building materials, water and food.

Without a doubt, these materials and food were extremely useful to survive in this apocalyptic environment.

"But, can this skill be considered as an S-level?"

This was the so-called strongest S-level talent? How weak were the other player's talents?

Fang Heng curled his lips and couldn't help but complain.

Just as he was about to walk around the shelter to see how much materials his previous owner had left him, he suddenly heard a notification sound.

[Hint: Anomaly detected.]

[Hint: A new player has been detected...]

Huh? New player?

"Could it be that my soul crossover has been detected?"

Fang Heng's expression changed slightly.

[Hint: Conflict detected. The current player has been identified as a newcomer.]

[Resetting in progress...]

[All your current skills have been forgotten.]

[All current points have been cleared, the backpack has been cleared.]

[Level cleared. The initial number of rebirths reset. Current number of rebirths remaining: 3]

What did that mean?

Empty his account data?

No way! It can't be that bad!

Fang Heng felt that things were getting worse.

[Hint: Clearing completed.]

[Welcome to the King of Gods' game. New players can obtain talent skills.]

[Hint: Since you already have one talent skill, please make a choice.]

[1: Obtain a new talent. You will have two talents at the same time.]

[2: Upgrade your talent.]

Huh?

Chapter 2: Talent Advancement

A virtual selection box appeared before Fang Heng's eyes.

[1: Draw a new talent and keep the original talent.]

[2: Level up your original talent.]

I can level up my talent?

Fang Heng was surprised.

Wasn't an S-level talent already the highest level of talent? It could still be upgraded?

After coming back to his senses, Fang Heng quickly assessed the situation in front of him.

At the moment, it was too risky to randomly pick a skill. If he picked a normal skill, his talent level would be very average.

In comparison, the current zombie clone with an S-level talent was not as powerful as he had imagined, but it was still an S-level skill.

If he upgraded it, it might have a miraculous effect.

"I'll take the bet!" he thought.

Fang Heng reached out his hand and tapped on option two. "I choose to upgrade my talent."

[Hint: Player chooses to level up his talent, obtained SSS-level skill: enhanced - super zombie clone.]

[Hint: Original talent - zombie clone skill level cleared.]

Talent: Enhanced - super zombie clone

Level: SSS

Talent description: You can now control a more powerful zombie clone. The zombie clone has 50% of the main body's attributes and an additional 300% of the main body's HP. The zombie clone can inherit most of the main body's skills and passive skills.

Additional description: Every time your character's level increases, you can obtain an additional number of zombie clones at the current character's level.

Additional description: After the zombie dies, it will automatically resurrect 24 hours later. The resurrection time will be shortened as the player's level increases.

"Awesome!"

After reviewing the skill description, Fang Heng could not help but shout out in glee.

The biggest change after a skill upgrade was the number of zombie clones!

Although there was only one at level 1, every time a character levelled up, an additional number of zombie clones will be given and the number would be the same as the current character's level number.

When the character levelled up to level 2, it would get two more, and when the character levelled up to level 3, it would get three more...

...

[Hint: Reset completed. Please select the initial game world.]

After selecting his talent, Fang Heng found that he had returned to the King of Gods' space.

Eh? Even the game progress was reset?

Fang Heng remembered that the original owner of the body was an infrastructure freak. He spent a few years building a single-person shelter in the zombie apocalypse. There were hundreds of storage boxes for basic building materials in the warehouse.

Wait a minute.

Even the survival materials that the original owner of the body had accumulated for so long were gone?

What's the meaning of this?

[Please choose one of the following initial game worlds (difficulty level):]

[1: Zombie Apocalypse]

[2: Wasteland Apocalypse]

[3: Vampire Apocalypse]

Damn it!

Fang Heng, who thought that he could inherit the legacy, sighed and was forced to accept reality.

When players first entered the King of Gods' game, they could choose the game background.

The zombie apocalypse corresponded to a zombie-infested apocalyptic world. The setting was that all countries would be destroyed and only a small number of survivors would survive.

The wasteland apocalyptic environment was a world that had been destroyed by nuclear radiation. Humans had built several safety fortresses underground while the surface was filled with mutated monsters. If one left the underground rashly, they would be affected by the radiation.

As for the last vampire apocalypse, it was a world ruled by vampires, and humans became food for them.

Among the three novice worlds, the vampire apocalypse was universally acknowledged to be the easiest one.

As a captive human, as long as one did not seek death in the beginning, it was relatively easy to survive. However, the zombie apocalypse was the most difficult one.

More than 50% of the players would die at the beginning if they were to try to survive on their own.

Fang Heng thought for a while and decided to enter the zombie apocalypse world.

The zombie apocalypse was most compatible with his talent.

Since the zombies in the wild did not have high intelligence and would not attack their own kind, Fang Heng could use the 'hack' skill of his zombie clone to quickly gather materials during the apocalypse.

If it was the background of the vampire apocalypse, the zombies that he sent out to 'hack' would soon be treated as monsters on the streets and shot by the police.

[Hint: Player has completed his selection - zombie apocalypse, entering the apocalypse...]

Fang Heng's eyes went soft.

Opening his eyes again, Fang Heng found himself standing in a forest.

[Please begin your journey. In this apocalyptic world, you will have to face all kinds of danger. Please try to survive.]

Fang Heng carefully looked around.

The opening was the forest environment.

After confirming that there were no zombies in his field of vision, Fang Heng first checked his character's attributes.

Player: Fang Heng

Level: 1

HP: 100/100

Vitality: 100/100

Spirit: 100/100

Energy: 100/100

Strength: 5

Agility: 5

Physique: 5

Will: 5

Perception: 5

Intelligence: 5

Talent skill: Enhanced - super zombie clone.

There was only one mobile survival radio in his backpack, and the character's attributes had been reset by the King of Gods.

"The system is really a scam!"

The sudden game reset disrupted Fang Heng's original plan.

He shook his head in disbelief and deliberated on the current situation.

In order to protect the lives of the people, the federal government had established various safe zones in the elementary King of Gods' game. Ordinary civilian players could receive free protection from the government within the safe zones.

In other words, as long as he reached the safe zone, he would be safe!

Unfortunately, it was very difficult to do this practically.

There were very few federal certified safe zones and the game world was extremely large. In addition, the game world also had a setting that separated the 'game zones'. Ordinary players would even randomly appear in various corners of the world after entering the game, hence, it was very difficult to find the 'safe zones' in the first place.

Usually at this time, after players entered the game, they would choose to look for shelters established by various gaming guilds or gaming companies to temporarily stay in.

This was not free.

After logging off, players would also find the gaming company or guild responsible for setting the shelter and transfer a sum of money over as 'rent'.

As long as you had money, the chances of survival in the game could be greatly increased.

Unfortunately, Fang Heng now owed a lot of money to others.

However, some shelters also provided some jobs. Fang Heng could try to submit some materials to obtain a few days of rental rights.

"I'll find a shelter nearby and settle down. Then I'll think about other things."

Fang Heng took out the mobile survival radio from his backpack.

The mobile radio could send a message every half an hour. Players within 100 kilometres of others could search for information through the radio.

Similarly, Fang Heng could receive messages from players within 100 kilometres of him through the radio.

Many shelters would advertise every half an hour to attract customers.

Fang Heng had just connected to the radio station when a dense number of messages refreshed.

[It's over, it's all over, it's District 8!]

[God! So unlucky! Is there a party? My talent is predator...]

[Is there a shelter? Urgent! Price is negotiable!]

[F*ck! Why is District 8 open? Why am I so unlucky?]

[Water, I need water! I haven't had water for seven hours. I can't hold on much longer. I have wood to trade.]

[Please, we have three people here. We are preparing to build a shelter in seven days. Coordinates (20291*82112). Those who are interested, please come quickly. Only elite players are accepted. Beggars can leave!]

District 8?

A new server?!

Fang Heng was stunned.

Beginner level King of Gods' game worlds usually had multiple mirrored game worlds at the same time, similar to 'servers'.

King of Gods would rarely open a new 'server'. Usually, this situation would only happen when the old server was full, the old server was judged to be a 'passive game', or a certain server was cleared.

After opening a new server, many old players who were judged to be 'passive games' in the King of Gods' game would be forced to join the new server.

During the period of time when the new server was opened, everything would start all over again, and the difficulty of surviving would naturally increase by hundreds or even thousands of times!

During this period of time, the death rate of players was the highest!

"Hahaha! I'm rich!"

Although he was facing a crisis, Fang Heng was actually a little excited as he clenched his fists.

Similarly, the crisis also meant an opportunity!

An opportunity to make a lot of money!

The resources in the old server had long been monopolized by the gaming companies and the federal governments. In the new server, everything would start all over again!

Fang Heng raised his hand.

The mud in front of him rumbled.

"Chi!!"

A light brown palm stretched out from the mud.

The rotting zombies crawled out of the mud with great effort. They stood in front of Fang Heng with a rotten smell.

Go!

Fang Heng controlled his zombie clone to open a path in front of him and took a step forward.

There seemed to be a change in plan.

If he could build a shelter in the game first and collect 'rent' from the outside...

Chapter 3: Evolution Crystal Fragments

In the forest, Fang Heng followed the zombie clone and slowly moved forward.

Fang Heng stopped to observe his surroundings from time to time, then bent down to pick up the basic survival materials scattered on the ground.

[Hint: You have obtained firewood.]

In an apocalyptic environment, many materials could be picked up directly, such as small stones, firewood, grass, hay and so on. These were all materials used to make basic survival tools.

They walked and stopped for nearly ten minutes before the zombie clone in front stopped completely.

Not far away, a zombie stood alone under a tree.

Fang Heng frowned. He slowly squatted down and hid his body in the bushes to observe.

In the apocalypse, zombies were the biggest threat.

After a player defeated a zombie, there was a small chance that some tools would drop.

Among them, there was an extremely important item called the evolution crystal.

In the King of Gods' game, the evolution crystal was the only way to increase a player's level.

Generally speaking, in the early stages of the game, it was a race against time. The best choice was to think of ways to collect survival materials to survive. Wasting a large amount of time to kill a zombie was a very stupid action.

After all, the drop rate of zombies was low and the items that dropped might not be useful in the early stages. If one was accidentally infected by the zombie during a fight, it would be a dead end.

The loss outweighed the gain.

However...

Fang Heng rolled his eyes.

He was different from ordinary players.

If there was a chance to kill zombies and farm evolution crystals, he could quickly upgrade to level 2. At that time, he could summon two additional zombie clones, greatly increasing his current strength and his 'hack' efficiency in the early stages!

Fang Heng narrowed his eyes, opened his backpack and looked at the materials.

There were enough materials.

Along the way, he had collected enough basic materials to create two wooden spears.

Fang Heng had the zombies on alert mode, then he squatted down and opened the skill panel.

In the skill panel, the basic materials page had all kinds of survival tools to survive through the apocalypse, including wooden axes, simple beds, simple bonfires and so on.

Fang Heng quickly selected a wooden spear, and a green channelling bar appeared above his head.

Five minutes later, two wooden spears appeared in Fang Heng's hands.

[Hint: You have completed the production of the wooden spear.]

[You have obtained a wooden spear*2.]

[Hint: You have mastered the basic production skill, your basic production skill experience points +2.]

Item: Simple wooden spear

Quality: Crude

Attack: 4-7

Description: The most basic survival weapon. It has crude workmanship and can cause relatively little damage to zombies.

Fang Heng held the spear in his hand and weighed it. Then, he threw one of the spears to the zombie clone beside him.

Fight!

Fang Heng and the zombie clone each held a wooden spear and slowly approached the zombie from behind.

"Chi!"

The zombie clone was the first to attack and the wooden spear pierced into the rotten zombie's body.

"Roar! Woo!"

The zombie that was attacked let out a roar, then turned and pounced on Fang Heng.

"The clone beat you up! Why are you beating me up?"

Fang Heng was cursing, but his body's muscle memory was still intact. He reacted quickly and took half a step back to avoid the attack.

The wooden spear in his hand stabbed forward.

"Chi!"

The tip of the wooden spear pierced into the zombie's body, making a dry sound.

Fang Heng frowned.

The spear felt like it was stabbing a piece of rotten wood.

Fang Heng quickly pulled out the wooden spear and stepped back.

The zombie's movements were very stiff but its defence was pretty good. Its body was still full of vigour after being pierced by the spear a few times.

Fang Heng didn't dare to be negligent. He worked with his clone to circle the zombie and occasionally poked it a few times.

Although the zombie was slow, if it accidentally scratched you, you would be infected by the virus.

In the early stage of the game, if you were infected by the zombie virus, it's better to end the game by suicide. There was absolutely no way to survive.

Fang Heng waved the wooden spear and poked the zombie's body more than twenty times. After poking it twenty times, the zombie howled and fell.

[Hint: You have killed a zombie. You have gained 2 survival points.]

Survival points were the currency of the zombie apocalypse world. Players could use them to buy items through the system store.

Damn it! No evolution crystals dropped!

It was demoralizing!

Fang Heng shook his head repeatedly.

It took Fang Heng a lot of effort and time to kill the zombie this time.

"The lowest level evolution crystal fragment drop rate is about 20%. The fact that it didn't drop the first time was within my expectations. If I kill a few more, it will drop eventually.'

Fang Heng could only comfort himself like this.

There was still a margin for error.

"Worst-case scenario, I won't log off tonight!'

"Woo..."

The battle just now had made quite a commotion. The second zombie was attracted by the noise and approached Fang Heng from a distance.

"Again! Continue!"

Fang Heng raised his spirits with a few shouts, lifted his wooden spear and continued to kill the zombies.

When the eighth zombie was killed by the spear, Fang Heng finally heard the notification of an item dropping.

[Hint: You have killed a strong zombie. You have gained 3 survival points.]

[Hint: You have gained an evolution crystal fragment*1.]

Crystal! It finally dropped!

Fang Heng let out a sigh of relief. He held the evolution crystal fragment in his hand and observed it.

The thumb-sized crystal fragment was emitting a scarlet glow.

Item: Evolution crystal fragment

Item description: A special crystal fragment. It contains a powerful force and can increase the player's character experience points (only effective on players below level 5.)

"Bang!"

Fang Heng crushed the crystal fragment in his hand.

The red mist that was released from the crushed fragments was absorbed by Fang Heng's palm.

[Hint: You have absorbed the evolution crystal fragment.]

[Hint: Your level has been increased to level 2. You have gained two additional zombie clones.]

Two zombies crawled out of the mud, one on the left and the other on the right. They stood behind Fang Heng obediently.

"Haha! It's a success!"

Fang Heng threw the spear in his hand to one of the zombies, then lowered his head and continued to make the spear.

With the addition of two new zombie clones, the efficiency of killing monsters would be greatly increased!

He needed to find a way to level up his talent skill to level 3! At that time, he would have six clones!

Survival?

No, levelling up was the most important thing right now!

Fang Heng made two more wooden spears, then commanded the zombie clones to knock on the big tree to make some noise to attract the nearby zombies.

The plan to level up by killing zombies! Begin!

"This game is so interesting!"

Fang Heng muttered to himself, then raised his spear and stabbed at the zombie that was slowly approaching.

If someone saw Fang Heng killing zombies, they would think that he was crazy.

How long had it been since the game started and he had already started killing zombies?

Shouldn't this kind of thing be considered in the later stages of the game?

...

Three hours later, Fang Heng's character had reached level 4.

A total of 10 zombie clones stood neatly behind Fang Heng.

After reaching level 4, the experience points gained from using the crystal fragments would be greatly reduced.

Fang Heng roughly estimated that it would take about 20 to 30 evolution crystal fragments to upgrade his talent skill to level 5. This was not something that could be accomplished in a short period.

The sun was about to set, and the number and strength of zombies at night would greatly increase.

It was better to find a system shelter to settle in.

Thinking of this, Fang Heng took out the survival radio from his backpack.

The survival radio could use the 'search' function to search the coordinates of the nearby system shelters.

The prerequisite was to spend survival points.

Fang Heng had killed so many zombies along the way, and now he had a total of 172 survival points.

With so many points, it could be considered a huge sum of money in the early stages.

After spending 10 points to obtain the nearest location of the system shelter, Fang Heng did not delay any longer and rushed towards the shelter.

Chapter 4: Shelter

[Hint: You have found a simple shelter (this shelter can accommodate up to 5 people. Currently, it can accommodate 3 people).]

[Hint: Players can be protected from zombies in the shelter. If the number of people in the shelter exceeds the maximum capacity, the shelter will lose its function.]

[Hint: After 62 hours, the shelter will lose its function.]

The shelter was a benefit provided to novice players by players. Under the sheltered state, zombies would not attack the shelter.

Fortunately, the shelter was not full.

Fang Heng pushed open the wooden door of the shelter and walked in casually.

A few players who were sitting around the bonfire in the shelter stood up and stared at Fang Heng vigilantly. One of the old men even took out a crossbow and aimed it at the zombie behind Fang Heng.

"Don't get agitated," Fang Heng pointed at the zombie and explained, "It's summoned by my talent skill, so it's not dangerous."

Everyone looked at Fang Heng and after making sure that the zombie behind him was standing still, they sat down again.

There were three people in the room: a fat guy in a short-sleeved shirt, a skinny old man with a crossbow, and a young woman in light makeup and fashionable clothes.

The young woman had been sizing up Fang Heng ever since he entered the room.

"Brother, your skill is really scary. Come and sit down," the fat man let out a sigh of relief and invited Fang Heng to sit down. "I was wondering that since this is a shelter, logically speaking, zombies wouldn't be able to enter."

"Haha, the talent I just got is not bad. It's just a little ugly."

Fang Heng waved his hand and ordered the ten zombies to gather materials nearby. Then, he walked into the shelter alone.

The zombie clone would not be attacked by the same kind of zombies even at night. It could maintain the 'hack' state for 24 hours a day.

"By the way, my name is Liao Bufan, he is Jimmy, and this beautiful lady is Liu Lin."

"My name is Fang Heng."

Fang Heng sat beside the bonfire with the others.

"What bad luck. I was originally in the government-built shelter, but I was suddenly judged as a passive game and got sent here. It's so annoying."

"This is bad. The new apocalyptic world. It will take at least a few months for the federation to send people to build the shelter."

"Sigh! How do we get through this..."

Liao Bufan was a chatterbox. He spoke indignantly and introduced everyone's identities.

The three of them had been judged by the King of Gods to be passive games and had been forced into the zombie apocalypse world.

Liao Bufan was a university student. He had only joined the game for less than a year, and the skinny old man was in the management of a foreign company in the real world.

Other than Liao Bufan, the other two didn't like to talk much.

As the sun set, the temperature in the cabin gradually dropped.

Jimmy took out some dry wood from his backpack and threw it into the bonfire, making it even hotter.

"Coo, Coo, Coo..."

Liao Bufan touched his belly which was creating the sounds, and his face turned red.

He was hungry.

Fang Heng also felt hungry. After fighting zombies for a whole day, he had used up a lot of energy.

Liu Lin took out two potatoes from her backpack, skewered them on a tree branch and roasted them on top of the bonfire.

The aroma of the food soon spread out.

"Gulp."

Liao Bufan swallowed his saliva and looked at the baked potatoes in Liu Lin's hands with great envy.

"I'm quite lucky today. I've collected a few portions of potatoes. If you have any survival materials, you can exchange them with me."

The black and thin old man, Jimmy, thought for a moment, took out three bottles of water from his backpack and placed them in front of the bonfire.

"Little girl, what do you think of this?"

"It's not enough, Uncle." Liu Lin shook her head, "In the early stages of the game, food is the most precious, especially in this forest environment. Elementary players cannot hunt, so food is the hardest to get. Three bottles of water are not enough."

Jimmy nodded and took out another three bottles of water from his backpack.

"Six bottles. That's the most. I still need the rest for myself."

"Okay, I'll give you a potato in exchange."

Liu Lin handed over a potato and put away Jimmy's six bottles of water.

"What about you guys? Do you want to exchange food with me?"

Liao Bufan had a bitter look on his face. He didn't have much survival experience in the zombie apocalypse and his luck wasn't very good. He didn't collect any high-value materials along the way, he simply took out all the things in his backpack and put them on the ground.

"These are all I have. You can take whatever you want, okay?"

"Young man, you're really smart. You want to use these materials to exchange for food?" Old man Jimmy picked up the potatoes that he had just gotten and roasted them over the bonfire. He shook his head and said, "Is this what you young people always talk about, getting something without paying?"

"Don't say that." Liao Bufan looked at Liu Lin with some expectation. "How about I borrow from you? I'll return it to you tomorrow."

Liu Lin refused flatly.

"No."

Liao Bufan looked even more miserable.

"Fang Heng, what about you?" Liu Lin looked at Fang Heng and winked at him. "Do you have anything you want to exchange with me?"

"No."

Fang Heng shrugged. He had been killing zombies all day, so how could he have time to collect materials?

However, he wasn't in a hurry. Soon, the zombie clones outside would bring him materials.

Liu Lin smiled and asked, "What do you think? Tomorrow, we'll form a team and work together. During the day, you'll protect me. During that time, I'll be in charge of your food."

"Hmm? What does that mean? Do you want to support me?" Fang Heng wondered.

Fang Heng raised his head and looked at Liu Lin.

"Something is wrong with you!" Fang Heng couldn't help but feel that way.

"Hey! Wait a minute!"

Liao Bufan saw an opportunity and volunteered, "Rich lady, I can also help you. Tomorrow, I will help you with your work. I just need to fill my stomach."

"You?" Liu Lin looked at Liao Bufan with disdain. "You can try it too, but you only have half a potato tonight."

"Hey! Why? Why do I only have half a potato?"

Liao Bufan was angry. Why can't I rely on my looks to earn a living? Can this world be cured?

Liu Lin smiled but did not answer. She only looked at Fang Heng. "What do you think about my suggestion? Do you want to consider it?"

Fang Heng shrugged. "No, I have other things to do tomorrow."

Liu Lin was a little disappointed.

She admitted that she did look for Fang Heng to form a team because of his looks, but most importantly, Liu Lin had taken a fancy to Fang Heng's talent skill.

The first day was fine. As the game progressed, the rules of the real world became meaningless in the game when facing death.

More and more cases of malicious snatching of materials would occur.

She needed to find a partner that she could trust as soon as possible.

In Liu Lin's opinion, Fang Heng's obedient zombie would be very useful in the apocalyptic environment.

Liu Lin looked at Liao Bufan and said, "Alright, Liao Bufan, what about you? What do you say? Half a potato."

Liao Bufan was in a dilemma.

He was in distress right now. The half potato that Liu Lin gave him was so small that it was not enough to fill his stomach. It was too cheap for him to agree to 'sell his body' just like that.

Fang Heng looked at Liao Bufan's conflicted expression and wanted to laugh.

"Alright! I'll follow you tomorrow! But tomorrow, you must give me at least two pieces of potatoes per meal."

"Okay."

Liu Lin said as she handed over half a piece of potato.

Liao Bufan's face was full of smiles again. He copied Liu Lin and used a tree branch to pierce through half a piece of potato and roasted it on the bonfire.

After eating the piece of potato, his satiety increased by 10 points. Liao Bufan rubbed his stomach and felt that he was not satisfied yet.

He looked at Fang Heng, who was sitting in front of the fire, and asked, "Brother, are you going to go hungry tonight? You'll be in a bad state tomorrow. Why don't you follow that rich woman?"

"For the sake of earning money, it's too shabby."

Liao Bufan tried to persuade him. He had the mentality that if he had to lower his head for the sake of his life, the others should do the same.

Fang Heng wasn't in a daze. He was checking the status of the zombie clone through the game system just now.

The situation was good and he had gained a lot.

Fang Heng closed the game log and patted Liao Bufan's shoulder, then asked, "Brother, you had not eaten your fill just now?"

"Of course. I'm not full with just half a potato."

"How about I give you a boiled egg in exchange for all your materials?"

"You have boiled eggs?"

"Not yet." Fang Heng raised his head and looked at the door of the cabin. "But I'll have them soon."

"What do you mean?"

Liao Bufan didn't quite understand. He raised his head foolishly and followed Fang Heng's gaze to the door of the cabin.

The sound of footsteps could be heard outside the door.

Chapter 5: Sourcing for Materials

The skinny old man, Jimmy, narrowed his eyes and was on guard against the zombie. Then, he put his hand on the crossbow.

The zombie staggered to Fang Heng and threw the materials it had collected on the floor.

[Hint: Your zombie completed a round of sourcing materials ahead of time. You have obtained firewood*2, pebbles*7, feathers*4, bird eggs*2, waste*2, plastic*1.]

Fang Heng waved his hand and told his zombie clone to go outside for the next round of 'hack'.

"This... This is..."

Liao Bufan looked in shock at the zombie who gave Fang Heng the materials. He was so confounded that he couldn't say anything. After a long while, he finally uttered feebly.

"How can a game be played like this?"

"Look at what you're saying. These are the basics."

While speaking, Fang Heng put away the materials. There were only two bird eggs left. He put them in front of his nose and sniffed.

"Hmm, they're not spoilt!"

The zombie clone was lucky. During the search, it found a bird's nest and took two eggs as food.

"How can I not know the basics?" Liao Bufan finally reacted. He was afraid that Fang Heng would go back on his words and hurriedly said, "It's a deal, Fang Heng. We agreed just now. I'll give you all the materials in exchange for a boiled egg."

"Of course."

Fang Heng put all the materials in front of Liao Bufan into his backpack.

Fang Heng didn't like most of the materials Liao Bufan collected, but one of them, the evolution crystal fragments, was what he required.

"Boy, you're pretty good. Your talent skill is extraordinary. It must be of a high level."

Seeing that the zombies weren't threatening him, Jimmy had already put away his weapon.

"It's an S-level talent skill."

Fang Heng admitted it openly.

"No wonder."

Jimmy nodded with a smile. Living in a shelter with an S-level support-type talent skill, he could at least benefit from it.

Liao Bufan, on the other hand, looked at the two eggs in Fang Heng's hands and drooled. He urged Fang Heng to start cooking.

"Fang Heng, let's not talk about this nonsense. You've already taken my materials. Hurry up and cook. What are we waiting for?"

"If it's boiled eggs, we will need water, right?" Liu Lin realized that Fang Heng's talent skill was more powerful than she had expected. After the initial shock, she took the initiative to show her goodwill and said, "I have water here. I can lend it to you."

"No need, no need."

While saying that, Fang Heng raised his head to look at the door again.

Another zombie staggered in through the wooden door.

It stood in front of Fang Heng and took out the materials one by one from its backpack, just like before.

[Hint: Your zombie has completed a round of sourcing materials ahead of time. You have obtained firewood*7, pebbles*2 and a glass bottle filled with river water*2.]

Fang Heng took out the glass bottle and placed it on the bonfire to heat it.

There was a high chance that drinking the river water directly would have an adverse effect.

After the water was boiled, there would be no such concern.

Liao Bufan watched eagerly as the water was boiling. He couldn't help but think that Fang Heng's skill was too perfect. In the post-apocalyptic era, it was like a cheat!

Fang Heng slowly waited for the water to boil. Then, he cracked the bird's egg into the glass bottle.

[Hint: You have completed boiling an egg. You have mastered the cooking skill, skill experience points +1.]

Two simple boiled eggs were done!

"Huff, huff, it's hot, it's hot."

After the cooking was done, Liao Bufan eagerly took the glass bottle. He did not care that it was hot and directly gulped down a mouthful.

Boiled eggs were really good stuff! It could quench thirst and also satisfy hunger!

After eating a boiled egg, Liao Bufan's satiety increased by 15 points and the feeling of thirst was also reduced by more than half.

He sat in front of the bonfire and silently looked at Liu Lin. He suddenly felt that the potato he had eaten not long ago was not worth it.

He had sold himself off in such a hurry. This was too much of a loss!

Fang Heng slowly drank a bowl of boiled eggs.

A pity, he did not care about his hunger.

Liu Lin was right. It was very difficult to get food in the forest. Out of the ten zombies sent out to search, only one found food.

However, Fang Heng was not in a hurry. After all, the first round of search had not been completed. After a few rounds of hacking, finding food and water would not be a problem.

After filling his stomach, Fang Heng started to prepare for tonight.

In the early stages of the game, to spend a night peacefully, in addition to the shelter, one also needed a bonfire to keep themselves warm and a simple bed to sleep on.

The bonfire was readily available here, so they just had to make sure that there was enough firewood.

The production of the simple bed was also very simple.

It only required the most basic firewood and grass.

In the zombie apocalypse game, players were only allowed to go offline after making a simple bed.

During the offline process, the game default was for the player to enter a sleep state, which allowed the player to quickly recover their energy. Moreover, their satiety would also decrease a little more slowly than usual.

However, once the player's bed was destroyed during the offline process, the player in reality would immediately be drawn into the King of Gods' game and received a negative effect.

[Hint: You have completed the production of the simple bed, your basic crafting skill experience points +1.]

"Fang Heng."

"Huh?"

"Hehe." Liao Bufan leaned over and scratched his head in embarrassment. "I forgot that I didn't even make a bed. Why don't you lend me some materials? I'll return them to you tomorrow."

"There's no need to return them. Consider it a gift."

Fang Heng casually gave Liao Bufan the simple bed that he had just made.

The materials used to make a bed were too ordinary. They could be found almost anywhere in the wild, so they were not valuable at all.

"Ha, so sorry about that but thank you! If you need me in the future, I'll help."

Liao Bufan patted his chest to show that he was very reliable.

The people sitting in front of the bonfire sorted out their harvest for the day and also made some basic survival tools.

Fang Heng yawned. He felt a little tired, so he decided to log off and take a nap.

However, there was one more thing he needed to do before that, which was to keep watch.

It was necessary to take turns to keep watch at night. Although the zombies outside couldn't come in, what if other players came in?

"Why don't we arrange a night watch?"

None of them was a newbie. Seeing that no one objected, the black and skinny old man, Jimmy, followed up with what Fang Heng said and continued, "Then let's allocate duties. From 12 am until 8 am, each of us will be responsible for two hours of the night watch."

After discussing for a while, Fang Heng chose to go online to keep vigil from 2-4 am.

"Okay, then let's go online five minutes earlier."

After they came up with the night watch schedule, Fang Heng instructed the zombies to search for 'hack' materials on an infinite loop.

"Everyone, I'm a little tired. I'm going offline now. See you tomorrow."

After saying that, Fang Heng laid on the bed without waiting for the others to react.

[Hint: The player is about to quit the game.]

[Hint: The player has been online for 7.9 hours today. You have a total of 30 hours of offline time. Please return to the game before your offline time runs out.]

[Hint: Please note that under certain circumstances, you will be forcefully pulled into the game.]

Seeing that Fang Heng would quit the game as soon as he said so, the remaining people in the small cabin looked at each other in dismay.

In the early stages of the game, it was usually better to stay in the game for as long as possible. This way, they would be able to obtain more offline time and make up for the mandatory 30-day game time set by the King of Gods' game earlier.

"Why was this guy in such a hurry to go offline?"

Liao Bufan looked at Fang Heng's simple bed, shook his head and said silently.

"Big brother, you're so willful."

Chapter 6: Hack Income

Fang Heng opened the game cabin and came out.

He was hungry.

He had eaten a boiled egg in the game, but in reality, Fang Heng felt even hungrier.

Opening the refrigerator, Fang Heng found two rows of instant noodles neatly arranged inside.

They were all braised beef flavour.

"You're awesome."

Fang Heng said and silently took out a pack.

In his previous life, Fang Heng did not have any mysophobia, but it felt uncomfortable living in such a messy room.

After filling his stomach, Fang Heng cleaned the room and recalled the memories of this body.

Ever since he was separated from his ex-girlfriend and got chased out of the gaming club, he had been hiding in his small room.

Strangely, he still couldn't remember why this body chose to commit suicide.

Even memories of what happened in the gaming club in the past were all very vague.

Including his ex-girlfriend.

"What was her name again?"

Fang Heng looked at a group photo pinned on the refrigerator in a daze.

The woman in the photo had long hair and fair skin, giving people the impression of the girl next door.

Fang Heng felt a pang of heartache for no reason.

"Forget it, don't think about it anymore. They had already broken up anyway." he thought.

After eating a bowl of instant noodles to fill his stomach, Fang Heng looked at his debt on his phone and smiled bitterly.

"Just watch, brother. I won't take your body for granted. I'll make your ex-girlfriend regret dumping you back then!"

After a tiring day, Fang Heng said in a daze and soon fell asleep.

...

In the game, Liao Bufan, Jimmy and Liu Lin looked at one another.

From the initial surprise to shock and then to disbelief...

Now, they were completely numb.

Among the three, Liao Bufan looked the most miserable.

After Fang Heng left, a zombie would come back almost every few minutes and stand in front of Fang Heng's bed. Then, it would pile up the materials it had collected on the ground one by one.

Until now, the pile of materials in front of Fang Heng's bed was as tall as a human being.

Liao Bufan saw very clearly that there were more than six potatoes in the pile of materials, and more than half of the eggs were crushed by the clumsy zombies.

Liao Bufan was distressed by the waste.

"Liu Lin, I think I've been deceived by you. Didn't you say that food is hard to get? Can I take back my words?"

"No, are you still a man?"

Liu Lin rolled her eyes at him. She also felt indignant.

She had clearly seen that Fang Heng's talent skill was out of the norm at that time. Why didn't she take the initiative and directly seek his cooperation or give him a few potatoes as a gesture of goodwill!

"Sigh!"

Liao Bufan let out a long sigh.

"Why did he sell himself for half a potato back then?"

...

Before two o'clock in the morning, the alarm woke Fang Heng up from his sleep.

Fang Heng rubbed his face.

He got up, put on his clothes and entered the game.

"Fang Heng, you're finally here. I'm going to sleep now."

In the game, Liao Bufan reached out his hand weakly to greet Fang Heng.

Ever since Jimmy and Liu Lin went offline, Liao Bufan yawned while watching Fang Heng's zombie clones delivering materials back and forth.

It was a great mental blow.

Looking at Liao Bufan's red and swollen eyes, Fang Heng said instinctively, "Oh, okay. You've worked hard. Leave the rest to me."

Liao Bufan showed an aggrieved look. He moved his lips as if he wanted to say something, then sighed and quietly lay on the bed to go offline.

"What was going on? What happened to him?"

"He was fine when he logged off, but why does he look half-dead now?"

Fang Heng murmured in a low voice. He turned his head to look, and couldn't help but be stunned.

What the hell! The pile of materials besides the bed was as tall as two people.

A few potatoes were squashed, some bird eggs were crushed and egg liquid was spilt all over the ground, even some of the glass bottles were broken as well...

Alright.

Fang Heng imagined the process of the zombies transporting the materials.

The zombies weren't that intelligent so they could only accept simple instructions. After collecting the materials, they didn't know how to differentiate them according to categories, so they kept piling them up.

Fang Heng scratched his head. He casually took out a few flattened potatoes from the supplies, skewered them using tree branches and roasted them over the fire while he opened the game log to check.

[During the time you went offline, your zombie team collected firewood*412, pebbles*298, firewood*420, empty glass bottles*7, glass bottles filled with turbid water*2, clean mineral water*3, broken glass pieces*1, waste*61, potatoes*12, nails*6, canned fruits*2...]

However, in terms of gathering materials, the zombie clones were doing pretty well!

With so many more materials, it was a little troublesome to manage them.

Fang Heng chuckled and patted his head.

"A blissful trouble."

[Hint: You have completed baked potato*3, your cooking skill experience points +4.]

After roasting a few potatoes to fill his stomach, he drank two bottles of mineral water to quench his thirst.

After satisfying the basic needs of satiety and thirst, Fang Heng started working.

Fang Heng didn't expect the zombie's 'hack' skill to be so efficient.

The game had a weight-bearing attribute, so he couldn't put everything into his backpack.

So, he needed to sort them first, and then put the materials into simple wooden boxes.

It looked like a lot of materials, but for the shelter that was about to be built, these materials were far from enough.

Fang Heng opened the character attribute page and checked for basic production, then he found the simple wooden box option in the production category.

The wooden box required wooden plank*4 and nails*2, and the wood plank required a lot of firewood to be synthesized, or it could be made directly from high-level wooden logs.

The prerequisite for using high-level wooden logs was that the basic production level had to reach level 5.

Fang Heng scratched his head.

He did not have wooden logs and the basic production level had not reached level 5 yet.

Therefore, he could only use firewood to synthesize.

"Take your time."

Fang Heng shrugged and began to use 10 pieces of firewood to synthesize into a wooden plank.

After one-minute worth of channelling, Fang Heng received a wooden plank.

[Hint: You have completed the production of the wooden plank, your basic production experience points +1.]

"Isn't this too slow?"

Not only did it take time to create tools, but it also consumed the player's energy points.

The player's energy points were limited every day, and the only way to quickly recover his energy points was through sleeping.

"Why don't I hire a few people to help me with the production? I'll ask Liao Bufan. He seems to have the awareness of a toolmaker."

While Fang Heng was talking to himself, the cabin was pushed open again.

A zombie clone completed Fang Heng's order. It returned to the cabin, walked to Fang Heng and piled the materials in its backpack onto the 'hill' one by one.

Facing this group of zombies who were not intelligent, Fang Heng had no choice but to order it to pile the materials in one corner of the cabin.

Only then did the zombie stagger toward another direction.

"Zombies are good at everything, but they're not very smart... no matter what, their skill level had upgraded to the SSS-level, how come they're still so stupid?"

While speaking, Fang Heng suddenly thought of something.

He remembered that after the upgrade, the zombie clone could now inherit the skills of players. Did that mean...

No way!

Fang Heng thought of something. He excitedly rubbed his hands and gave the zombie the order to make a wooden plank.

The zombie's eyes were dull as usual. It slowly walked to Fang Heng and picked up the firewood placed in front of him.

A long channelling bar appeared on its head.

"Ha! Awesome!"

Fang Heng excitedly clapped his hands!

This toolmaker had started making wooden planks!

Fang Heng kept staring at the channelling bar on the zombie's body until the zombie finished making the wooden planks.

[Hint: Your zombie clone has finished making the wooden planks.]

[Hint: You have gained a wooden plank*1.]

[Hint: Your basic production skill experience points +1.]

"Hahahaha! That's awesome!"

Fang Heng laughed out loud.

Not only could his clones use skills, but his main body could also inherit the experience points from the skills!

"I'm rich! I'm rich! I'm rich!" he was ecstatic.

Zombies didn't need any energy points and satiety points!

As long as he had enough materials, he would have ten clones that could log in 24/7 to accumulate skill experience points!

For a moment, Fang Heng felt that he was invincible.

After calming down a little, Fang Heng gave the order to the zombies to continue making the wooden planks. He ran to the side cheerfully and began sorting the materials that the zombies had collected.

Chapter 7: Ride One' s Coattails

When Liu Lin went online, Fang Heng was sorting out the materials. There were three simple wooden boxes placed in front of his simple bed.

"Yo, you're here."

Fang Heng waved his hand and greeted Liu Lin.

Liu Lin's smile was a little stiff.

This guy had made simple wooden boxes!

Liu Lin envied Fang Heng's talent but also regretted not having a good relationship with Fang Heng.

Fortunately, at least she did not offend Fang Heng.

Liu Lin hesitated again and again. She took a deep breath and made her decision.

"Fang Heng, my talent is medicine making."

"Ah?"

Fang Heng raised his head and looked at Liu Lin, who had introduced herself.

"An A+-level talent attribute." Liu Lin looked at Fang Heng, "Currently, I can make some medicinal herbs for hemostasis and recovery. After level 10, I can make an anti-virus serum to increase infection resistance, and after level 20, I can make gene potions to increase players' attribute level."

Very powerful!

Potion making was one of the rare talents in the game.

After all, there were very few ways to increase a player's basic attributes in the zombie apocalypse game.

Potion making was one of them.

The troublesome thing was that Liu Lin would only be able to make a potion after level 20.

Take the zombie apocalypse in District 7 as an example. It had been decades since the game started and 99% of the players had yet to reach level 10.

"How's my talent?" Liu Lin asked straightforwardly.

"It's okay."

The latter stage of the game would be very challenging, but of course, she had to survive until the later stage.

Fang Heng didn't quite understand why Liu Lin would ask that.

Liu Lin was indeed a little unhappy.

What did he mean by "It's okay"? Such a talent was already very hard to find, probably one out of thousands!

But on second thought, compared to Fang Heng's powerful talent, it was indeed okay.

Soon, Fang Heng realized that Liu Lin's self-introduction was a 'request' to form a team.

Fang Heng nodded and pondered over it.

Not considering Liu Lin's skills for now.

Indeed, the zombie clone was not omnipotent. At least, before the player's shelter was built, he still needed teammates.

For example, when he went out, the materials in the shelter might be taken away by others and the materials obtained by the zombies also needed to be sorted, as well as the transactions with the other players...

Fang Heng looked at Liu Lin and hesitated.

He wasn't sure if Liu Lin was suitable to be a teammate.

After all, they had only known each other for one day. He wasn't sure what kind of person Liu Lin was.

Seeing Fang Heng's hesitation, Liu Lin pouted and humphed, then began to explain.

"I don't like playing games and I have no intention of developing in the game. I just hope that I can pass the time that the King of Gods forced me to play, so it's the most convenient for me to rely on you."

"Don't worry. As long as you guarantee my safety, if there's anything that I can be of use to you in the future, I'll do my best to help you."

Originally, Liu Lin could only rely on herself when she couldn't find someone to depend on. Now that she had found Fang Heng, she naturally felt that it would be easier to rely on him.

Liu Lin felt that with Fang Heng's powerful talent skill, as long as he wasn't a fool, it wouldn't be a problem for him to survive.

"Alright, I understand. I'll provide you with three meals and guarantee your safety. In return, you'll work for me. Do you accept this condition?"

"Let's cooperate. Both parties can terminate the cooperation at any time and go their ways."

"Deal."

Fang Heng shrugged and agreed.

At this stage, it was always good to have a helper.

As for whether Liu Lin was suitable to be a trustworthy partner, he would have to interact with her for some time and observe her.

At least Liu Lin was pretty.

Liu Lin grinned. "Hehehe, happy working together."

Fang Heng pointed at the box on the right. "There's food in that box. If you're hungry, you can take it. Remember to protect it well. I have a mission for you later."

"Haha! You're generous, I have picked the right person!"

Liu Lin laughed. Ever since she joined the apocalypse game, the pressure to stay alive was so huge that she found it hard to breathe. She had no choice but to suppress her nature and act unapproachable.

Now, Liu Lin finally felt a little more at ease. She returned to her usual self, and like a happy little magpie, she skipped towards the front of the box.

"Wow! Rich boss, you have bottled mineral water. I couldn't stand it for a long time. The boiled water here always has a strange smell."

"Wow! You even have canned fruits!"

Hearing Liu Lin crying out in surprise beside him, Fang Heng shook his head silently.

"Why was she so excited over such a small amount of food?"

At present, Fang Heng had collected enough food for him to last for several days.

As the number of zombies increased, the amount of food collected would also increase.

Perhaps because the former owner of his body was a night owl, Fang Heng didn't feel sleepy at all. Instead, he felt more and more energetic.

After he was done organizing the materials, Fang Heng still could not fall asleep. He turned on the radio to check on the progress of the other players around him.

[Materials exchange, those who want to exchange, come! Lack of food! Lack of food! Lack of food!]

[Is there anyone who wants to take me in? I beg you!]

[Request for a group! Currently, there are three people in the shelter. They require talent level B-level and above. If you are interested, send me a private message.]

[Does anyone know where I can find nails? Why can't I make them?]

[I'm starving. Do you have anything for stammers? I'll do whatever you want.]

[Where can I find a shelter? The shelter I've found is full!]

Fang Heng flipped through the chat logs on the radio. Most of them were just random messages.

Most of the players in the vicinity had already found a shelter. On the first night, they were also hungry, so there was a huge demand for food.

This was a good thing, but it was also a bad thing.

On one hand, he could use the food premium to exchange for a large number of basic materials. On the other hand, he had to be careful of other players taking advantage of him.

Fang Heng secretly set up a plan to create a shelter.

Tomorrow, he needed to do two things. First, he needed to explore the surrounding area and find a suitable place to build a shelter. He also needed to find out if there were other survivors nearby and if there were camps for apocalypse game merchants.

To avoid trouble in the early stages, it was best to find a place with fewer players to build a shelter.

After all, players would kill their zombies. This kind of thing often happened in the memories of this body.

Second, he needed to level up.

The evolution crystal fragments that dropped from killing ordinary zombies could at most increase a character's level to level 5.

After that, if he wanted to continue levelling up, he needed to kill higher level zombies or use a large number of survival points to exchange with the players.

He would first level up his character to level 5 and expand the number of zombie clones to 15, further increasing the efficiency of 'hacking'.

Oh right, he almost forgot. He still had to go for an interview tomorrow afternoon.

Otherwise, it would be interesting if he didn't starve to death at the end of the game but instead starved to death in the real world.

While thinking, Fang Heng said, "Liu Lin, tomorrow, you and Liao Bufan will go around and try to figure out the surrounding environment. Try to find a suitable place to build a shelter. It's best to stay hidden."

"Okay. When you go, bring some food. If you find other survivors, you can exchange for nails with them."

"Shelter? Nails?!"

Liu Lin was not stupid. Her eyelids twitched.

She asked in disbelief, "Fang Heng, you want to build your shelter?!"

Chapter 8: The Interview

In Sucheng, a red business car was speeding along the main road.

It left a trail of cars behind.

Xia Xi was in the driver's seat. She had a high nose bridge and as she raised her head, it revealed a fair and delicate neck. She held the steering wheel tightly with both hands as if she was secretly competing with an invisible enemy.

Fang Heng was shivering in the passenger seat.

He could vaguely feel the killing intent coming from Xia Xi.

She was so wild even when driving!

Fang Heng realized that this body still had some memory loss.

He could no longer remember how he and Xia Xi met, but he clearly remembered that he had always been annoyed with Xia Xi and his attitude towards her was not very good.

It was strange, Xia Xi was quite pretty.

"Have you remembered all the information I sent you last night? You'll likely be asked about the development of the enterprise, and big companies will be very concerned about this aspect."

"Fang Heng! I'm talking to you, do you hear me?"

Xia Xi frowned, turned her head to look at Fang Heng and raised her voice by two levels.

"Fang Heng? Why are you always like this? You have to pay more attention to your matters, okay?"

"Do you not want to get out of this for the rest of your life?"

Madam!! Look at the road! Look at the car, okay!

Fang Heng's face turned even paler.

He was panicking to death, but Fang Heng still maintained his cold and aloof persona on the surface. He said in a deep voice, "I'm listening."

"With your capabilities, passing the interview shouldn't be a problem."

Xia Xi turned her head and carefully observed Fang Heng from the corner of her eyes. "Also, if they ask about the past, control your emotions."

"Okay."

The car stopped in front of a high-tech building. Fang Heng alighted from the car.

His legs were still a little weak.

Racing gangs were too scary. Fang Heng almost thought that he would lose his life on the way.

Xia Xi was a bit uneasy. She was worried that Fang Heng would lose control of his temper, so she drove the car and followed him for a distance. She pressed the horn twice and poked her head out of the window.

"Do you want me to go with you?"

"No need!"

Fang Heng tried his best to imitate the tone of the original owner of the body.

"Okay, then all the best."

After watching Xia Xi drive away, Fang Heng heaved a sigh of relief and raised his head.

In the towering technology building, the exquisite logo of the company was hung on the external wall of the building.

A phoenix soared into the sky. Every feather was meticulously crafted and looked lifelike under the sunlight.

It must have cost a fortune.

"Phoenix Sound Gaming Company..."

Fang Heng muttered to himself.

The original owner of the body had investigated Phoenix Sound Gaming Company.

In the game, players' talent skills were not fixed.

When a character reached level 10, he could receive his first talent enhancement.

Players needed to find their talent enhancement plan in the game to level up.

Talent enhancement plan levels varied from E-S.

S-level talent enhancement plan was also extremely rare!

According to the data released annually by the federal government, the number of players who successfully obtained and completed the S-level talent enhancement plan each year was less than 10.

But the Phoenix Sound Gaming Company had the highest level, the S-level talent enhancement plan mission!

The owner of this body had wanted to obtain Phoenix Sound Gaming Company's S-level talent enhancement plan before!

Fang Heng scratched his head.

Then, scenes of his memories surfaced in his mind.

Ever since he was kicked out by the club, Fang Heng had also tried to look for a job.

Because of the highly publicized and sensational match-fixing incident, any gaming company and club that had done a little background work would be aware of Fang Heng's character.

The resumes that Fang Heng handed out were almost like stones dropped into the ocean, never to be seen or heard again. He was even ridiculed by some gaming companies when they replied to his resume.

...

Phoenix Sound Gaming Company, office on the 17th floor.

Fang Heng sat on a stool.

Opposite him were two men and a woman.

The three of them were from the management of Phoenix Sound Gaming Company, as well as the interviewers.

The man sitting in the middle looked to be about fifty to sixty years old. His back was straight and his clothes were neatly arranged without a single wrinkle. He was also in good spirits.

He was Pan Guanglin, the game technical director of Phoenix Sound Gaming Company. He was in charge of the company's in-house game technology.

The woman sitting on his left was about forty years old. She gave off a shrewd and capable feeling.

The middle-aged man on the right was hugging his arms. He did not even lift his eyelids from beginning to end. It was as if he was asleep.

It was strange. Even though he was wearing a suit, he still gave off a sense of cynicism.

The female assistant secretary introduced him.

"Fang Heng, a former member of an A-class gaming guild club. He has been exposed to gaming competitions since high school. He has trained for more than ten years and has survived in the zombie apocalypse game for more than two years. He has an initial talent related to the zombie apocalypse game. His talent level is S..."

Pan Guanglin nodded repeatedly.

It was the first time they met and he had a pretty good impression of Fang Heng.

Yesterday, the zombie apocalypse in the King of Gods' game had opened District 8, and all the gaming companies had taken action upon hearing the news. Phoenix Sound Gaming Company was also in urgent need of talents in this field.

Not to mention that Fang Heng was personally introduced by President Qin.

Four years after graduation, Qin Shuran won the trust of her family and underwent training to gain experience for her family business. This time, she even acquired two gaming companies and merged them to establish Phoenix Sound Gaming Company to enter the gaming industry.

For a time, she created a huge commotion in Sucheng. It was as if she wanted to compete for the top position.

Pan Guanglin was still very impressed with Qin Shuran. He said, "Since you are recommended by President Qin, it shouldn't be a problem."

"Huh? Exempted from the interview?"

"Xia Xi was so highly revered?"

Fang Heng was surprised.

Xue Yuling said, "Fang Heng, I have another question I want to ask."

"Mr Fang Heng, I'm very curious why you chose to leave the club."

Fang Heng felt that the other party was not friendly. He glanced at Xue Yuling and replied, "Personal reasons."

"Can you explain it in detail?"

"Personal reasons. I don't want to talk about these things."

Pan Guanglin realized something.

"President Xue seems to be very concerned about this issue?"

Xue Yuling took out her phone and flipped through an article on it. She handed a piece of text to Pan Guanglin, who was sitting in the middle.

"Director Pan, take a look at this first."

On the phone was a report about Fang Heng.

Match-fixing? Internal discord?

All kinds of negative information about Fang Heng made Pan Guanglin's face darken.

He was upright, and could not accept corruption or violence in a person's character.

In Pan Guanglin's view, Fang Heng was eliminated due to his involvement in match-fixing.

The company could not accept such a person!

Pan Guanglin put down the phone.

"Mr Fang Heng, please explain. If you can't give a reasonable explanation, our company will not welcome you."

Xue Yuling looked at Fang Heng with a smug expression. She was here to reveal Fang Heng's true colours.

The company had taken a keen interest in the newly established business department. In addition to the sudden opening of District 8 in the game, the newly established gaming department had become a hot topic in the company.

Countless pairs of eyes in the company were looking at this place.

Including Xue Yuling, her nephew had also participated in this interview.

Unfortunately, Fang Heng was in her way.

Fang Heng stared at Xue Yuling without saying a word. He felt inexplicably unhappy in his heart.

"What did I do to offend her?"

There was no such person in his memory.

Pan Guanglin's face was expressionless. When he saw that Fang Heng didn't answer, he said in a low voice, "I'm sorry, Fang Heng. I made you come here for nothing. I'll explain this matter to President Qin personally."

As he was speaking, the office door was suddenly pushed open.

"President Qin."

Pan Guanglin and the others stood up at the same time.

President Qin?

Fang Heng also turned around when he heard that. He looked at the woman who walked in through the door and subconsciously stood up as well.

He saw a familiar face.

Qin Shuran?

She was Xia Xi's friend?

"President Qin, I happen to have something to report to you..."

A surprised voice interrupted Pan Guanglin's words.

"Fang Heng? Why is it you?"

Huh?

Fang Heng turned his head and looked at the person beside Qin Shuran.

"Jimmy?"

Fang Heng never thought that he would meet a player who had gone through thick and thin in the game here.

"Hahahahaha."

The skinny old man, Jimmy, laughed loudly. He looked very happy and walked up to pat Fang Heng on the shoulder, then turned back to look at Qin Shuran.

"So everything is part of President Qin's plan. This is the big surprise you mentioned just now, right? No wonder my friend is so impressed with Phoenix Sound Gaming Company. Hahaha, I'm very satisfied with your efficiency."

Everyone was baffled when they heard Jimmy's words.

They only knew that Jimmy was here to discuss a partnership on behalf of a foreign joint venture company. Phoenix Sound Gaming Company valued this partnership very much.

This kid knew Jimmy?

And it sounded like they were very familiar with each other.

Xue Yuling felt like the matter was already out of her control.

Pan Guanglin was smart enough to shut his mouth.

Qin Shuran's beautiful eyes quickly swept over Fang Heng. She gave the secretary a look and said, "Mr Jimmy, as long as you're satisfied. You don't have much time in the real world. Let's talk about cooperation first."

"Okay, okay. Let's talk about cooperation first."

Jimmy was very happy. He nodded repeatedly.

Last night, Jimmy had personally witnessed Fang Heng's powerful abilities in the game.

Among other things, just the food alone was enough to make him drool.

Jimmy wore a smile on his face.

Well, at least he won't go hungry in the game anymore!

Chapter 9: Nails and Wooden Planks

Fang Heng thought back to the interview and felt that the old woman was targeting him.

One step at a time.

The development of the game was going well. After a while, the trading channel between players would open. As long as they could sell some materials, it would not be difficult to fill their stomachs.

He was forced by Xia Xi to come for the interview.

Fang Heng did not want to stay here for too long.

He took a sip of coffee.

As expected of a big company, the taste of coffee was pure bliss.

The human resource lady carried a stack of documents and hurried into the reception room.

"Mr Fang Heng, this is an emergency. Our company will sign an internship contract with you directly. The probation period will be half a month and the monthly salary will be 30,000 yuan. It will start from today. You will be confirmed automatically after half a month.

"This is the contract. Can you see if there are any problems?"

Do I get to sign the contract so soon?

30,000 yuan per month?

In Sucheng, 30,000 yuan was considered a high salary.

However, Fang Heng hesitated for a moment.

Was it really necessary to join Phoenix Sound Company?

Yes, at least for now, he was short of money.

The game had just been launched and he lacked trading channels. It was difficult for him to cash out the materials he had collected and his phone was already receiving reminders from the bank to pay his debts...

Fang Heng looked over the contract carefully.

Huh?

Fang Heng was a little surprised.

The contract was too good!

The conditions were better than expected and it made him wonder if this was a trap.

30,000 yuan a month, no mandatory working hours, any materials, equipment, skills and other rewards that the player obtained in the game need not be given to the company.

The only thing he needed to do was to complete the company's performance appraisal.

If his performance was not up to par, there would be a deduction from his bonus, and in the worst-case scenario, he would be fired.

There was also a bonus?

Fang Heng thought to himself that since he would only be working here for a month, he would first take out 30,000 yuan to resolve the urgent matter.

He would just resign after a month.

Since he was accepted into the company, he could also see if he had a chance to obtain the company's S-level talent enhancement mission...

He would temporarily endure it and work as a worker for a month.

"Okay."

After thinking for a while, Fang Heng signed his name on the contract.

"Mr Jimmy is an important customer of Phoenix Sound Company. President Qin hopes that you can start work immediately and ensure Mr Jimmy's safety in the game during this period. This will be part of your internship performance evaluation."

Fang Heng nodded and thought that this job was pretty good.

As long as Jimmy didn't run around and cause trouble in the game, it wouldn't be difficult for him to fill his stomach and guarantee his safety.

This way, he could save a lot of time and make use of it to develop in the game.

It was that simple and he could earn 30,000 yuan a month?

Fang Heng suddenly had a feeling that making money was very simple.

"I'll take you to the business department first. Your accommodation hasn't been arranged yet. Can I arrange for you to stay in the hotel next door for the next few days?"

"Of course!"

After all, it was a big company and he had free accommodation in a hotel.

Fang Heng muttered in his heart.

.....

In the gaming business department on the third floor.

The lady from the human resource department had just led Fang Heng into the door when an unkempt and unshaven young man walked up to them.

"You're finally here, my Miss Angel, is he the newcomer? I've been waiting for a long time. We're short of manpower. What's your level? What district are you from?"

As he spoke, he was sizing up Fang Heng from time to time.

"No, no, no. If your project team needs people, you have to report it to the higher-ups. This person isn't for you. President Qin has temporarily let him stay with you for two weeks."

"What do you mean? He's not my person? Let me tell you, now that District 8 is open, we're in urgent need of manpower. You know how urgent this situation is. Besides, I've already made the report..."

"Aiya, aiya, don't tell me that. Fang Heng has a special mission from the boss, it's..."

The human resource lady was just about to explain when her phone rang again.

"Okay, okay, I'll be right there." She hung up the phone and pushed Shen Qing in front of Fang Heng.

"Fang Heng, this is Shen Qing. You'll be working here temporarily for a few days. Follow him to familiarize yourself with the environment. Just remember to complete the mission that the boss gave you. When the boss is available, she'll talk to you face to face."

After saying that, the young lady hurriedly ran away.

"Sigh!" Shen Qing sighed and patted Fang Heng's shoulder. "Are you new? I'm Shen Qing, the team leader of Team 3 of the business department. Which server are you from?"

"Server 8."

As Fang Heng spoke, he looked around.

The interior of the entire office of Team 3 was very big. There was a row of game cabins on one side of the room and one-third of them were running.

Most of the employees were sitting in front of their computers, busying themselves with their work. They looked like they were in dire stress.

"Oh! It's also a new server. It must be very busy." Shen Qing nodded and then he pointed at a row of advanced gaming cabins in the room. "Team 3 doesn't have so many rules. The seven gaming cabins here are still new. You can choose one and use it as you like. If you want to eat, it's on the seventh floor and the eighth floor..."

"Brother Qing! Come and take a look. There's a big deal in District 7! The client is rushing us!"

"I'm coming! I'm coming!" Shen Qing shouted and said to Fang Heng, "Take a look first. If you have any problems, feel free to look for me."

Fang Heng nodded silently.

The business department seemed very busy.

It was good that no one cared about him.

Just now, the secretary said that he would start work today, so it was time to go to work, right?

Playing games was part of his job scope.

After all, the early stages of the game were the most pressing and they could not be delayed.

Fang Heng walked to a new game cabin, opened it and directly entered the game world.

...

There were two ways to enter the King of Gods' game. One was to enter the game voluntarily, using items like the game cabin to enter the game.

The game cabin was set with an emergency button. Once it was pressed, the player in the game would receive a prompt.

The other option was to join the game involuntarily. The player would be pulled into the game world by the King of Gods' game and disappear from the real world.

This method was considered extremely dangerous.

Opening his eyes, Fang Heng appeared in the system shelter again.

Inside the cabin, wood, stones and other materials were randomly thrown on the ground.

A zombie staggered into the cabin and threw the collected materials on the ground one by one.

Seeing this, Fang Heng rubbed his temples as he experienced a little headache.

Liu Lin and Liao Bufan were out.

According to their plan, this morning, Liu Lin and Liao Bufan would start to search the area on the west side of the cabin. They would find out the situation there and see if they could find a suitable place to build a shelter.

Jimmy was still in the real world just like him.

In this way, there was no one in the entire shelter. If someone came in and saw the materials lying all over the ground, wouldn't they be laughing in their dreams?

He needed to build a shelter as soon as possible to store the materials and prevent other survivors from intruding.

Fang Heng opened the game log to check.

[Hint: During the hacking, your zombie team collected firewood*221, nails*7, instant noodles*1, parts*1, insulator*1, turbid water*4, bird eggs*3, bricks*7...]

Eh? Found instant noodles!

Fang Heng summoned all the zombies to stop the hack and return to the cabin. He then made himself another bowl of instant noodles.

Twenty minutes later, Fang Heng walked out of the cabin after eating and drinking his fill.

Behind him were ten zombies holding wooden spears.

Their combat ability was not bad.

In the morning, Fang Heng had already circled the cabin a few times, clearing away the zombies that were wandering around and farming some evolution crystal fragments.

Perhaps it was because they were in the early stages of the game, but the King of Gods' game was more merciful. There were not many zombies that had resurrected around the cabin, and even after circling twice, he only managed to obtain two crystal fragments.

"Forget it. Let's put aside killing the zombies for now and move on to the next step of the plan."

Nails!

To build a player's shelter, there were two types of materials that were essential.

Wooden planks and nails.

Fang Heng had zombies as coolies, so it was not a big problem for him to make and collect wooden planks. On the other hand, it was a little difficult to obtain nails.

It was very difficult to satisfy the demand of building a large shelter by simply collecting materials in the wild and trading with players.

The other way to obtain them was to make them themselves.

This would require cast iron and a furnace.

The materials needed to make a furnace were very complicated and they also needed to rely on extremely high skill levels. It was almost impossible to do so in the early stages, so they could only buy them from the apocalypse merchant camps.

Chapter 10: Apocalypse Merchant

Fang Heng turned on his survival radio and used it to send messages to nearby players.

"20 survival points for the location of the apocalypse merchant camp. If you know anything, send me a private message."

A few scattered messages appeared.

"What the heck? 20 survival points? Boss is so rich?"

"What is this? Who doesn't know how to brag? I even have 100 points."

"Brother, you didn't just spend your time killing all the zombies in one day, right?"

"What are you pretending for? If you can get 20 survival points, I'll chop off my head and kick it like a ball."

"2 survival points for a bottle of water."

"What are you thinking about?"

"It's okay if there's no water. There's a stream in the forest. Just drink it and you'll be done."

"..."

Following that, the topic was completely changed.

Fang Heng was speechless when he saw the players' feedback.

Just as he was about to turn off the radio, a private message from a player popped up in his personal message.

"Brother, I know the location of the apocalypse merchant, but you have to give me some points first."

Fang Heng glanced at the other player's ID - Lu Yu.

He immediately transferred 20 survival points through the system.

When Lu Yu received the survival points transferred by Fang Heng, he was a little surprised at first.

There was such a powerful player who could transfer 20 points to him without even blinking an eye?

Lu Yu's thought about it and he quickly understood that the other party belonged to an organized team.

"Brother, you're very straightforward. The apocalypse merchant camp's coordinates are at (21232,29123). It's very safe there. I've just been there."

Fang Heng looked at the map. The coordinates of the apocalypse merchant camp that the other party had marked were pitch-black. The distance wasn't too far and it would only take about half an hour to get there.

He would go over and take a look first.

Fang Heng blended into the zombie crowd and headed toward the location of the apocalypse merchant camp.

More than ten zombie clones were gathered together and they could completely crush ordinary zombies.

If they encountered ordinary zombies, they would be pierced into a sieve by wooden spears.

If ordinary players encountered them along the way, they would mistakenly think that they had encountered a small zombie crowd and run far away, not daring to cause any trouble.

After walking for nearly half an hour and crossing a hill, Fang Heng stopped in his tracks.

He saw it!

The apocalypse merchant camp!

In the zombie apocalypse game, players were not the only survivors. There were also a few NPCs and aborigines. Some of the NPCs were staying in the apocalypse merchant camp.

Players could talk to them and interact with them. If they were lucky enough, they might even be able to trick an NPC mercenary to return as a bodyguard.

Other than that, players could receive quests from the apocalypse merchant and exchange survival points for materials.

Fang Heng had his zombie clones stay on standby and enter the camp alone.

After all, the zombie clone was also a zombie. It was restricted by the system. Once it got close to the apocalypse merchant camp, it might be attacked by the people from the camp.

In the camp, the bearded NPC warmly greeted the newcomer, Fang Heng.

"Hey, survivor, you're lucky to have met me during the apocalypse."

"You're the 18th survivor I've seen here, so you don't get any rewards."

"This is my new camp. It's pretty good, right? I can guarantee your safety here, but it's very cheap to charge 500 survival points for one night."

Fang Heng ignored the NPC's initial lines and nodded, "Is there any mission for me to do?"

"You came at the right time. We just set up a gathering point here, and there are many things that we need help with. See if any missions are suitable for you."

Fang Heng opened the mission panel.

Rows of mission requirements were refreshed.

Fang Heng's eyes were immediately attracted by the first row of missions.

Clearing the zombies in the lumberyard camp.

Difficulty: SSS

Description: Clear all the surviving zombies in the target location.

Reward: 4000 survival points

(Description: As the time in the game world increases, the difficulty and reward of this quest will gradually decrease.)

It was an SSS-level mission?!

The memory of the previous owner of the body had been in the game for two years and the highest difficulty level of the quest that he saw was only at S-level.

Notwithstanding whether he could complete it or not, Fang Heng never had the chance to get an S-level mission before!

The new server was not bad and no one had ever done an SSS-level mission!

Fang Heng lowered his head and reviewed the mission requirements again.

Kill zombies?

Ah! It was just the right time!

Fang Heng was relieved. The main purpose of this SSS-level mission was to kill zombies. It was very compatible with him. He could earn survival points and also farm evolution crystal fragments.

"I accept this mission."

"Oh? It's a very challenging mission!"

"There's a lumberyard camp by the river. There are a lot of zombies there. If I let them do whatever they want, they might pose a threat to my camp. I need you to completely clear out the zombies in the lumberyard camp."

"Are you sure you want to accept this mission? You have three days to complete this mission."

"Yes."

"Very good. Look, this is the first time we've met. To ensure that you can complete it, you need to give me a deposit. I think 167 survival points should be it. You would agree, right?"

"Don't worry, after completing the mission, I will return the deposit in full."

167 points were exactly what Fang Heng currently had left.

Fang Heng knew that this was one of the settings of the game.

Hidden score.

The King of the Gods had an initial hidden score for each player.

Every time a mission was completed, the King of the Gods would evaluate the overall completion of the mission and update the hidden score.

The player would receive a mission that was more difficult than the hidden score, and the apocalypse merchant would propose to collect a deposit.

The greater the difference between the difficulty of the mission and the hidden score of the player, the more the deposit would be collected. However, the highest deposit would not exceed all the survival points of the player.

Once the mission failed, the deposit would not be returned.

"Deal."

[Hint: 167 survival points have been deducted from you.]

[Hint: You have accepted the mission of the apocalypse merchant, Vettel, to completely clear the zombie horde in the lumberyard camp.]

[Hint: During the apocalypse, one person's power is too small. You can try to seek help from other survivors to complete the mission together.]

"I wish you success. Also, I have to remind you that the zombies there are quite troublesome. You can't easily finish them off by yourself. You need to find some help. Don't die in there."

"Thank you."

Fang Heng left the apocalypse merchant camp without looking back.

Find help?

No, he was going to farm alone!

The early-stage players did not even have enough food to eat. On one hand, they had to seize the time to collect materials to survive, on the other hand, they had to think of ways to strengthen the shelter provided by the system. They did not have the time to kill the zombies.

So what if they found help? How much contribution could they make to clearing the camp?

The early players' combat power was very low.

Fang Heng was different from ordinary players.

Not only did he have the spare energy to kill zombies, but he was also very eager to kill zombies to obtain the evolution crystal fragments.

While he was in thought, Fang Heng had already left the survival camp. He happened to notice two survivors walking toward the apocalypse merchant's direction.

The two parties looked at each other and did not say anything. They just brushed past each other.

Five minutes later, a scream came from the survival camp.

"What the hell! The SSS-level mission was taken away by someone."

"Is he crazy?"

"He might be a newbie. He didn't understand the rules and directly accepted the mission."

"You're right."

Lu Yu nodded, but his head was filled with questions.

The person who accepted the mission wouldn't be the big boss who spent 20 survival points to ask him for the location of the camp, right?

No way. No matter how powerful he is, he won't be able to clear all the zombies in that area.

Thinking about the scene he had seen before, Lu Yu felt his scalp go numb.

Chapter 11: Clearing the lumberyard

The lumberyard camp was not far from the apocalypse merchant camp.

Fifteen minutes later, Fang Heng had reached the outside of the lumberyard camp.

He hid in a bush and observed in the dark.

At first glance, he saw hundreds of zombies occupying the lumberyard camp.

The area was densely packed and the whimpers of the zombies filled his eardrums. Anyone who saw this scene would feel their scalps go numb.

Fang Heng didn't expect that there would be so many zombies.

He rubbed his hands excitedly.

"Just in time. This will give me a chance to collect evolution crystal fragments!"

Fang Heng waved his hand and the ten zombies who had been following behind him immediately took action.

They slowly walked into the lumberyard camp with wooden spears in their hands.

The zombies in the camp didn't sense the ten 'intruders'. They just stood there foolishly.

"Chi!"

The zombie clone raised its spear and stabbed into the back of a zombie in front of it.

The zombie that was stabbed by the wooden spear slowly turned its head and glanced at its kind of zombie expressionlessly.

Ordinary zombies couldn't feel pain. Their minds were only occupied by the basic desire to eat meat. They wouldn't understand, nor would they think about why another zombie would suddenly stab them.

It continued to stand there in a daze.

The zombies in this lumberyard camp were like lambs waiting to be slaughtered. They stood there silently, being attacked by Fang Heng's zombie clones time and time again until they died.

[Hint: Your zombie clone has killed a weak zombie. 1 survival point.

[Hint: Your zombie clone has killed a strong zombie. 3 survival points.]

[Hint: Your zombie clone has killed a strong zombie, 3 survival points, obtained evolution crystal fragment*1.]

[Hint: Your zombie clone has killed...]

At this moment, Fang Heng was hiding in the bushes at the entrance of the camp, quietly reading the messages in the game log.

Hack, this game was awesome!

At first, watching zombies kill monsters was indeed a little exciting.

But after the initial excitement faded, Fang Heng, who was a little bored, sat down on the ground, took out a can of canned fruit from his backpack and started to eat.

It can't be helped, his talent skill was just too powerful.

In the zombie apocalypse world, getting a zombie clone as your talent was really useful!

Killing monsters without suffering any injuries!

Especially after the number of zombie clones was growing in magnitude! The efficiency of killing monsters had greatly increased.

If it was another apocalyptic world like the wasteland apocalypse, the slow-moving zombie clones would have already been cut into pieces by the mutated creatures.

It wouldn't have been like now, where the silly zombies were all standing where they were and letting you kill them.

[Hint: You have completed the clearing of the camp.]

[Hint: You have completed the mission of clearing the lumberyard camp. Please return to the apocalypse merchant camp as soon as possible and look for the apocalypse merchant Vettel to receive the mission reward.]

Three hours had passed by the time the game notification sounded.

It took three hours to strike those restless zombies to death. It was conceivable how time and effort ordinary players would have to take to clear out the zombie camp.

The zombie clones walked out of the camp one by one and threw the evolution crystal fragment that they dropped from killing the zombies in front of Fang Heng.

[Hint: You have obtained evolution crystal fragment*47.]

"I'm rich, I'm rich!" he thought to himself gleefully.

Fang Heng grabbed a bunch of shiny evolution crystal fragments from the ground and crushed them in his hand.

"Bang!"

A thick blood mist exploded in his palm. Fang Heng felt a weak force enter his body through his palm.

"Bang!!"

"Bang! Bang!!"

The blood mist exploded one after another.

[Hint: Your character's level has risen to level 5.]

The soil behind him stirred and five newly resurrected zombie clones joined the team.

Fang Heng was quite satisfied. His zombie army had expanded by one-third and its combat power had increased greatly.

After players reached level 5, normal evolution crystal fragments could no longer provide experience points. They needed a higher level of complete evolution crystals to upgrade further.

The method to obtain a complete evolution crystal was rather troublesome. Under normal circumstances, only elite monsters had a chance of dropping it.

There were other ways to obtain a complete evolution crystal. For example, the apocalypse camp had a small probability of selling a small number of complete evolution crystals. Some players could use special skills or talents to reassemble the fragments to obtain a complete evolution crystal.

Currently, it was still a little difficult to obtain a complete evolution crystal. Fang Heng would not consider it for the time being.

Fang Heng put the remaining 13 pieces of the evolution crystal into his backpack and led the zombie group into the abandoned lumberyard to collect materials.

10 minutes later, Fang Heng was surrounded by a pile of materials.

[Hint: Your zombie group has searched the lumberyard camp. You have obtained small barrels of gasoline*2, firewood*21, cooking pot*1, steel logging axe*33, log*291, abandoned parts*23, worn-out mountain bike*1, scrap material*2, rags*21, frozen dumplings*10, lumberyard worker's jacket*24...]

Good stuff!

A mountain bike!

Fang Heng's eyes lit up!

A treasure that could greatly increase the speed of exploration in the wild! A transportation tool!

In the forest environment, sometimes a mountain bike was even more useful than a military truck! It could greatly reduce the time to return home!

There was also the steel logging axe!

A large amount of wood was needed to build the shelter.

With the steel logging axe, the zombie clone could harvest wood more efficiently!

"I'm rich, I'm really rich!"

There were still so many finished logs, which saved him a lot of logging time.

Gasoline!

With generators, electricity could be generated, and the vehicle also needed gasoline as fuel. Whether it was in the early, middle or late stages, gasoline was an extremely important material!

Frozen dumplings!

That's great! They were going to be tasty!

Eh? There were even clothes?

Most of the ordinary clothes in the game did not have any attributes.

Fang Heng took a look at the clothing description.

Item: Lumberyard jacket

Description: When worn, it can increase defence by 1 point. (wearing a lumberyard jacket and lumberyard pants at the same time can increase logging efficiency by an additional 25%.)

1 defence point was not bad, but the suit was too ugly.

Fang Heng thought for a moment, then waved his hand to call the zombie clone to come over and let it put on the suit.

"Not bad, not bad, it fits very well."

After putting on the lumberyard suit, the zombie didn't feel out of place at all. It even gained 1 defence point.

Although 1 defence point was better than nothing for the zombie, the extra 25% of logging efficiency provided by the suit was what Fang Heng wanted.

The harvest after clearing out the lumberyard camp was amazing.

Looking at the materials piled up on the ground, Fang Heng began to worry again.

His backpack was not big enough now, so he could not bring all these things back at once.

It was going to be dark in half an hour, so it was not realistic to go back and forth between the shelter and the lumberyard camp.

Helplessly, Fang Heng could only bring some valuable food and logging axes, temporarily throwing the logs and other materials that were heavier on the ground.

The rest of the materials could not be wasted. After sunset tonight, he would let the zombies carry them back to the system shelter again and again.

Fang Heng packed his backpack full to the brim and rode his bicycle to the apocalypse merchant camp to report about the completion of the mission.

Chapter 12: Hidden Mission

"Oh? You completed the mission so quickly?!"

In the apocalypse merchant camp, Big Beardy was surprised to see Fang Heng return so soon.

"Very good, young survivor. You have done very well! Your performance has impressed me."

[Hint: You have completed the mission to clear the lumberyard camp. You have received the praise of the apocalypse merchant Vettel.]

[Hint: You have received 4,167 survival points.]

[Hint: Your friendship with Vettel has increased.]

[Hint: Because you completed the mission in a very short period, your friendship with the apocalypse merchant has increased significantly.]

"It's rare to see such an outstanding young man like you. Recently, a few of my friends are looking for someone like you. Have you heard of the Dark Knights?"

Dark Knights?!

It was a hidden mission!

Fang Heng was both surprised and happy.

His hidden score had reached the Dark Knights so quickly!

In the memories of this body, the Dark Knights were related to the main storyline mission of the game world. Only players with a hidden score higher than a certain level in the King of Gods' game were qualified to obtain it, moreover, there were quite harsh hidden trigger conditions.

In the past, Fang Heng even heard rumours in the gaming club that the Dark Knights were related to clearing the zombie apocalypse world.

"It seems that you've heard about it. The Dark Knights are an organization that was established after the disaster. They've been looking for ways to save the entire human race."

"An old friend of mine is a member of the Dark Knights. If you're interested, I can recommend you to join the Dark Knights."

"I'm very interested!"

"Very good. The Dark Knights need strong survivors, so you need to make some achievements to prove your capabilities."

"What do you need me to do?"

"There's a small town 200 kilometres away from here. There's a T-virus serum in the director's office on the third floor of the town's Community Hospital. I hope you can find it and bring it back safely to me."

"After completing the mission, I will take you to find the guide of the Dark Knights."

[Hint: Player has triggered the mission - find the T-virus serum.]

Mission name: Find the T-virus serum.

Mission description: Find the T-virus serum and hand it over to the apocalypse merchant Vettel (you can find the T-virus serum in the director's office on the third floor of the Community Hospital in Hope Town. You can also find the T-virus serum through other means).

Hint: As time passes, the anti-virus serum in Hope Town may be taken away or destroyed by the survivors ahead of time.

Mission time limit: 60 days

"The difficulty has increased so much all of a sudden?"

Fang Heng frowned and muttered to himself in a low voice.

During the apocalypse, there were a lot of zombies in the city. The probability of encountering mutated zombies in the city was also higher, and the danger was greatly increased.

In his original plan, the exploration of the city would at least be considered after the construction of the shelter was completed.

Fortunately, this mission gave him a full 60 days to complete. In theory, he only needed to find the serum before the other players.

This was the best chance for him to come into contact with the main storyline mission of the game world!

Fang Heng analyzed briefly and immediately chose to accept the mission.

There was no penalty for failure anyway!

"I will help you get the serum."

"I admire your confidence, survivor. I wish you success." Big Beardy nodded in approval. "Another suggestion, take advantage of the fact that the anti-virus serum has not been destroyed. The sooner you get it, the better."

Fang Heng understood that Big Beardy was hinting at him. The faster he completed the mission, the higher the reward provided by the game.

However...

He really couldn't complete the mission in such a short time!!

"Thank you." Fang Heng smiled bitterly and continued, "Also, I want to exchange for some materials."

After completing the mission, the 4,167 survival points reward was added to his account. Together with the 1,300 points which he obtained from clearing the zombies, Fang Heng now had a huge sum of 5,520 survival points!

The New World had just opened two days ago. Even an advanced gaming guild would not be able to raise such a huge sum of money.

"Of course, you can. The materials here are cheap and good. In addition, you've just helped me a lot. I can give you a friendship price."

"Thank you."

Fang Heng knew that this was the benefit of increasing his favorability. He could enjoy a small discount when he exchanged for materials.

Big Beardy waved his hand and an exchange list appeared in front of Fang Heng's eyes.

Fang Heng quickly browsed through the sales catalogue.

The apocalypse merchant provided a variety of materials in the exchange list. In addition to food, there were also some sophisticated high-grade materials, and even guns and ammunition were available for sale.

However, the price of guns was just as shocking.

Originally, Fang Heng only wanted to buy a few furnaces. However, when he saw the modified motorcycles on the list, he immediately hesitated.

The modified motorcycles had a detachable two-wheeled rack behind them, which could store a large number of materials.

The modified motorcycles were excellent tools for both travelling alone and transporting supplies!

The only drawback was that they burned oil! But he had just found two tanks of oil from the lumberyard camp...

Fang Heng was in a dilemma.

He wanted both of them!

However, in terms of price, he could only buy three furnaces or a modified motorcycle.

If only he had a little more survival points.

"What? You don't like these things?"

Seeing Fang Heng's distressed expression, Vettel thought that he was not satisfied, so he waved his hand with a smile and opened another exchange column in front of Fang Heng.

"Then take a look at this place. These are my private collections, and they are generally not open to the public. In addition, you can only exchange the materials here at the original price, and you are not allowed to have discounts."

Fang Heng's eyes lit up.

The apocalypse merchant had a hidden exchange column? This was the first time he had heard of it.

Big Beardy! He hid it quite well!

Seeing the goods provided by the apocalypse merchant in the hidden exchange list, Fang Heng's breathing became a little hurried for a moment.

There was a skill book for sale!!

What motorcycle! What forged furnace! Their combined value could not even be compared to this skill book!

Fang Heng reached out his hand and tapped on a skill manual. He looked at Vettel excitedly, "Uncle, I want this."

Item: Apocalypse survival - strength training

Type: Skill book (player has not mastered this skill)

Description: After learning this skill, you will be able to master the skill - strength training. Each level will increase the player's basic strength points by 0.2 points. This skill can be upgraded to level 20 (the skill level does not exceed the current player's level).

"Of course, you can. It's a very smart choice. You only need 1500 points to buy this skill book. It can help you to provide a decent fighting strength in your quest for survival."

Vettel shrugged. "What's better than investing in yourself?"

In the King of Gods' game, players could not obtain any attribute gains just by levelling up.

Therefore, a skill book like this had already been sold for millions in the real world!

Fang Heng licked his lips and pointed at the remaining two skill books in the exchange list. "And these two, physical training and agility training. I'll take these two books as well."

"Okay, a total of 4,600 survival points."

[Hint: You have spent 4,600 survival points to purchase the following skill books on strength training, physical training and agility training.]

Chapter 13: Skill Books

"Heh..."

After leaving the apocalypse merchant camp, Fang Heng almost could not hold back his laughter.

Several million!

Each of the three skill books in his hands could easily sell for several million!

Not to mention that this was a newly opened 'server'. After some time had passed, the price of the skill books would increase by several times!

Yesterday, Fang Heng was still worried about his bank debt. Now, a few million was within his reach!

Fang Heng put away the smile on his face and tapped the three skill books worth a few million on his head.

Without the slightest hesitation.

[Hint: You have learned the skill: apocalypse survival - strength training, apocalypse survival - agility training, apocalypse survival - physical training.]

"Isn't it just a few million? I'll earn more as time goes!" he thought.

The apocalypse merchant was right. Only by improving himself could he earn more money.

Fang Heng had a feeling that this game would completely change his fate.

Player: Fang Heng

Level: 5

HP: 102/102

Vitality: 100/100

Spirit: 100/100

Energy: 83/100

Strength: 5.2

Agility: 5.2

Physique: 5.2

Will: 5

Perception: 5

Intelligence: 5

Talent skill: Enhanced - super zombie clone

[Normal skill]

Skill: Strength training (Level 1)

Skill description: Increases strength attribute of the current skill level by 0.2*.

Skill: Physical training (Level 1)

Skill description: Increases the physical attribute of the current skill level by 0.2*.

Skill: Agility training (Level 1)

Skill description: Increases the agility attribute of the current skill level by 0.2*.

[Life skill]

Skill: Basic crafting (Level 1)

Skill description: Creates basic apocalypse survival items, increasing the skill level can increase the production speed and unlock more survival items.

Skill: Basic cooking (Level 1)

Skill description: You can cook delicious food, increasing the skill level can reduce the probability of cooking failure and slightly increase the taste of delicious food.

Fang Heng tried to clench his fist to feel the changes in his body.

It seemed like...

It seemed like he was a little too strong, right?

Damn it!

Why didn't he feel anything when he spent close to ten million yuan?

Seeing that the sky was getting darker, Fang Heng did not delay any longer. He rode his mountain bike back to the cabin so that he could study the books properly when he got back.

...

Inside the cabin.

Liao Bufan watched helplessly as Fang Heng opened the packages of quick-frozen dumplings and threw them into the pot.

He swallowed his saliva.

Fragrant!

It was too fragrant!

The fragrance went straight into his nose.

In comparison, the two baked potatoes in his hands were simply tasteless.

Raising his head, Liao Bufan said seriously, "Fang Heng, I've decided to work with you in the game from now on."

"Okay."

Fang Heng shrugged. He had one more tool man.

"You have to take care of the food!"

"Deal."

"Okay!"

Liao Bufan waved his fist excitedly!

Tonight, he had dumplings to eat.

Jimmy drank a mouthful of hot tea and said, "Fang Heng, I may not have much time in the game during the day, so I'll have to trouble you."

"Of course."

In his mind, Fang Heng added, "It's all work. After all, the monthly salary is 30,000 yuan."

"My talent attribute can make crossbows. Due to the limitation of my energy, I can't make many crossbows every day."

"Thank you, this thing is a great help!"

In the early stages of the game, crossbows were used for long-range attacks. Whether it was hunting, dealing with zombies or dealing with other hostile survivors, they were extremely effective.

In the game, Jimmy probably didn't want to reveal his real identity, so he didn't like to talk too much. He nodded slightly.

At first, Jimmy scoffed at Fang Heng's plan to build a shelter in the game.

But now he knew that the Phoenix Sound Company must be behind Fang Heng's plan of building the shelter, Jimmy didn't mind giving him a little help.

The dumplings were soon cooked.

Lacking bowls and chopsticks, they took the glass bottles and divided the dumplings.

While the outside players were still hungry, they could hide in the system shelter and cook dumplings to eat.

Thinking of this, Liao Bufan was particularly excited. He ate one dumpling at a time and didn't forget to give his opinion.

"It's a pity there's no vinegar. Otherwise, it would be perfect."

"You're the nosy one." Liu Lin cleared her throat and said, "Fang Heng, Liao Bufan and I have searched about 20 kilometres to the west during the day."

"We've noticed two system shelters. Players and survivors are living in them. I've talked to the survivors and I'm going to bring a small amount of food to trade with them for cast iron and nails tomorrow."

"Also, we've found an abandoned prison. There are a lot of zombies in there. It's scary."

Liao Bufan swallowed a dumpling and added, "I think this is the biggest threat. Once the zombies escape, we'll be implicated. We have to be careful."

Fang Heng sensed something and raised his head.

"Prison?"

"Yes, all the people in there are infected. I wanted to get closer to see if I could find some weapons in the prison."

"D*mn! As soon as I got closer, zombies swarmed out of the house. There were at least thousands of them. Fortunately, they were stopped by the barbed wire outside."

Liao Bufan shuddered in fear at the thought of it.

"I don't think the barbed wire is very reliable. Luckily, we were able to escape quickly."

Fang Heng nodded and said, "This is a good place to build a shelter."

"What?"

Liao Bufan was so stunned that he slowed down when putting the dumplings into his mouth.

He thought that Fang Heng must be crazy.

"Brother, don't tell me you want to build a shelter in the prison? Give up this unrealistic idea!"

"Why?"

Fang Heng raised his head and asked, "Don't you think the prison is good? With the prison as the outer defence and the primary shelter on the inner side, we can have double protection and double security. We can slowly expand in the future."

"Brother, stop fooling around."

"Building a shelter in the prison means that we need to fill up the outer prison."

"The prison is too big. It will cost us a lot of manpower and resources."

After going through his analysis, Liao Bufan stuffed a mouthful of dumplings into his mouth. He felt smug and was waiting for the others to compliment him.

But he didn't get that compliment.

After a long time, Jimmy drank a mouthful of soup and said, "Young man, we don't lack materials now."

"Uh..."

Liao Bufan was speechless for a moment.

He glanced at the pile of materials that covered half of the wooden house and couldn't help but scratch his head.

"Alright, even so, how are you going to deal with the zombies in the prison?"

"Don't worry about that. I have a plan."

Fang Heng was confident.

Zombies?

Of course, they will all be stabbed to death!

"Fang Heng, you didn't see the situation back then. The prison is very big. There are at least three to four thousand zombies in there. It's not easy to deal with them."

"Yeah, I'll be careful."

Fang Heng remained calm on the surface, but in his heart, he was beaming with joy.

Three to four thousand zombies, that was seven to eight thousand survival points!

He hoped that there would be as many zombies as possible!

It would be best if he could gather ten thousand survival points and buy all the modified motorcycles and furnaces from the apocalypse merchant...

Liu Lin and Liao Bufan looked at each other. They saw the nonchalant look on Fang Heng's face.

Did he have a way to deal with zombies?

Chapter 14: Amazing Efficiency

"Fang Heng, do you think we should reinforce this shelter tomorrow? The system's shelter protection will be ineffective the day after tomorrow."

Fang Heng lowered his head and thought for a moment.

There was still a huge gap in the number of nails needed to build a personal shelter. Tomorrow, he would have to clean up the zombies inside the prison.

The construction of a player's shelter could not be completed in less than two or three days.

They would have to stay in this shabby place for the next few days.

Fang Heng did not want to be forcefully pulled online by the game when the shelter was under attack at night.

The reinforcement of the cabin had to be put on the agenda!

Fang Heng patted Liao Bufan on the shoulder and said, "Then, brother, I'll leave the reinforcement of the shelter to you. You'll reinforce the cabin tomorrow and watch over it."

"Okay."

Liao Bufan agreed and patted his chest proudly.

"I forgot to mention that my talent is reinforcement and maintenance, it increases the reinforcement efficiency by 20% and reduces the consumption of materials by 20%. This skill saves materials. Do you know that you've got a good deal by hiring me?"

"Creak!"

The sound of the wooden door being pushed open interrupted Liao Bufan's bragging.

A zombie in a lumberyard uniform staggered in from outside.

The people in the cabin turned their heads to look at the zombie.

The zombie clone threw the piles of logs from its backpack onto the ground.

It didn't care about the stares of the people. It turned around and left the cabin again.

[Hint: Your zombie has completed a round of material transportation. You have gained logs*10. You have gained a skill - physical training experience point +20.]

[Hint: Your zombie has started a new round of material transportation.]

Liao Bufan opened his mouth.

This time, he was completely in awe.

He could finally see that Fang Heng didn't lack materials at all!

Fang Heng didn't notice the change in Liao Bufan's expression. His attention was now focused on the game log.

Eh? The zombie clone could also provide experience points for skills!

This was a really good deal!

After eating and drinking his fill, Fang Heng logged off first.

At 8:30 pm, Phoenix Sound Gaming Company was still brightly lit.

Most of the game cabins in the office were running and there were still many employees busy in front of their computers.

Fang Heng saw that his game cabin had an eye-catching note and a room card stuck on it.

"Mr Fang Heng, I've already booked room 1602 for you in the hotel next door. This is your room card. If you have any questions, please contact me. My contact number is 1272..."

After getting the room card, he returned to the hotel and went to sleep!

After leaving the company, Fang Heng flipped through his phone.

There were more than ten missed calls on his phone. All of them were from Xia Xi.

Fang Heng slapped his forehead.

Oh no, he forgot to tell Xia Xi about the interview today.

Fang Heng was in a good mood now. He casually replied to her message.

"Thanks to you, I've passed. I'll treat you to a meal when the time comes."

Something was wrong!

After sending the message, Fang Heng felt a little regretful. This tone was not suitable for the cold and aloof image of the original owner of this body!

Before he could retract the message, Xia Xi immediately replied.

"Okay, I'll take note. Wait for me to come back."

Fang Heng was stunned.

"Where are you going?"

"To Seoul, to play a match."

What match?

Could it be that Xia Xi was also a professional player?

Why did he not have any impression of this matter?

Fang Heng scratched his head, feeling a little frustrated.

He noticed that he still had a lot of lost memories.

"Qin Shuran is my good friend, she just took over the company recently, you have to help her too."

"Help her? No way, does the boss still need my help? As long as she doesn't fire me."

Fang Heng cursed silently in his heart, but he still obediently replied with a message.

"Okay."

...

The hotel room was very big and it was far more comfortable than the small and run-down room from before.

After a tiring day, Fang Heng slept until dawn.

The next day, Fang Heng returned to Team 3's large office as usual.

Early in the morning, the office was bustling with people.

Many workers carried game cabins into the office.

"Hey! I said, you guys! Be careful! These are advanced game cabins, don't break them!"

"Move it aside, don't put it near the window."

Shen Qing commanded from the side and his voice sounded a little hoarse.

Noticing Fang Heng's arrival, Shen Qing walked over to Fang Heng.

"Fang Heng, did you have a good rest last night?"

"Yes."

"President Qin had an urgent business trip last night. Before she left, she said that you should temporarily stay in Team 3 until she comes back..."

Halfway through, Shen Qing's expression changed slightly. He shouted at a porter beside him, "Don't leave it there! Don't block the intersection! That's for people to pass through!"

The porter looked impatient. "Then where do you think we should leave it? Hurry up, there are still a lot of them down there!"

"Wait a minute!"

"I'm sorry, the new district, District 8, has opened. There's a big shift in Team 3 business department. I'm so busy with all these."

Shen Qing smiled apologetically and patted Fang Heng's shoulder warmly, "In short, that's the general situation. I'll go back to work first. There are still a lot of rookies reporting for duty today. Feel free to use the row of gaming cabins over there. If you run into any problem, come and find me."

After saying that, Shen Qing hurriedly ran to look for the workers to cause trouble. "What the hell? The power cord of the gaming cabins is exclusive. There will be a problem if you connect it like that!"

Uh...

Are they all so busy?

Fang Heng was helpless.

Indeed, the zombie apocalypse new district, District 8, had opened. The business department of the gaming company was now focused on District 9 and was channelling resources in it. It was only right for them to be a little busy.

Not only the Phoenix Sound Gaming Company but other gaming companies, clubs, player guilds and even the federal government would give their full support to the development of District 8.

Fang Heng felt the pressure of competing with these giants.

He needed to hurry up and build a shelter.

Fang Heng randomly found a game cabin and returned to the game.

...

[Hint: While you were offline, your zombie group carried barrels of gasoline*2, firewood*21, logs*291, abandoned parts*23... your skill - basic physical training experience points +8,912.]

[Hint: Your basic physical training level has been upgraded to Level 5.]

[Hint: Your skill - basic physical training level can not exceed the character's level. Please upgrade the player's level.]

In just one night, the basic physical training level had reached level 5?

The efficiency was amazing!

In the game, most players needed a long period of training to level up their skills.

Since zombie clones need not rest, they could log in 24 hours a day, and Fang Heng could greatly reduce the time needed to level up his skills.

"Normal weight-bearing travel can provide the skill level of basic physical training. Then, the upgrade of basic strength training and agility training will most likely depend on actual combat."

Fang Heng muttered to himself.

"Fang Heng, you rascal, what are you muttering so early in the morning?"

In the small cabin, Liao Bufan held a wooden board in one hand and gestured towards the cabin window.

"When Uncle Jimmy came online, he said that he had something to do today and will only return tonight. He even left seven crossbows for you."

"Liu Lin went out alone to explore the surrounding environment. I couldn't stop her, so I asked her to bring a crossbow with her."

Chapter 15: Cleaning up the Prison

Fang Heng picked up a completed crossbow and put it in his hand to observe.

Item: Crossbow

Type: Weapon.

Quality: Normal

Durability: 50/50

Damage: 9-11

Description: After loading, you can fire a crossbow arrow forward. There is a probability of causing bleeding damage. Using a special arrow can increase the damage.

"Good stuff. I'll leave one for you to use for self-defence."

Fang Heng threw a crossbow and some arrows to Liao Bufan and put the remaining five into his backpack.

Liao Bufan used a small stone hammer to hammer the nails on the window while saying, "Boss, this crossbow alone is not enough. If the enemy comes, my fragile body will not be able to withstand it."

Fang Heng glanced at him and said, "We have to eat extra food tonight."

"No problem! Leave it to me!"

...

Leaving the cabin, Fang Heng and his fifteen zombie clones marched toward the prison.

If they encountered any zombies on the way, they would kill them immediately.

If ordinary players saw more than ten zombies gathered together, they would hide far away and not dare to provoke them.

On the way, Fang Heng also took some time to study the attributes of the zombie clone.

Creature: Zombie (clone)

Level: 5

HP: 412/412

Strength: 2.6

Agility: 2.6

Physique: 3

Will: 2.5

Perception: 2.5

Intelligence: 2.5

[Basic skills]

Skill: Zombie body (Level: Max)

Skill description: Activated passively, not affected by most mental spells, not affected by most diseases and viruses, does not possess mental strength, does not possess energy value, increases HP by 300%. (Description: Zombie clone does not possess the ability to infect.)

[Living skill]

Skill: Basic crafting (Level 1)

Skill: Basic cooking (Level 1)

[Set skill]

Skill: Lumberyard (Level: Max)

Fang Heng put away the attribute panel.

The biggest advantage of the zombie clone was its HP. If it was a one-on-one fight, Fang Heng was sure that he was no match for the zombie clone.

Fang Heng did not delay along the way and went straight to the prison. However, it was inconvenient to walk in the forest environment, so it took him more than an hour.

From afar, Fang Heng looked at the prison at the foot of the hill.

The prison was backed by a mountain and there was a small path passing through the front door.

This was the first time Fang Heng had seen a road since he had played the game for two days.

There was a road, which meant that this place was probably at the periphery of the forest.

If he walked along the road, he might be able to leave the forest area soon.

Fang Heng retracted his gaze and continued to look inside the prison.

Just as Liao Bufan had said, the prison occupied a large area. In addition to the vast square, there were three large buildings inside.

Thick walls, huge iron doors, three layers of barbed wire, watchtowers standing tall and erect, as well as searchlights.

The prison's defensive measures made Fang Heng envious.

"These are all good points. It's best to build a player shelter here!"

Fang Heng continued to observe the square.

A large number of zombies were wandering in the square. Some of them were wearing prison uniforms, while others were wearing thick riot gear.

A small hole had been made in the inner gate of the prison.

Two of the three layers of the barbed wires had been broken by the zombies, leaving only the last layer to teeter.

Where could he enter the inner square of the prison?

Fang Heng scanned the surroundings.

He didn't dare to get too close. The breath from a living person would affect the zombies. When that happened, groups of zombies would be attracted by him. Even if he had a zombie clone, he wouldn't be able to handle it.

Found it!

It was right next to the gate. As long as he went through the sentry cabin next to the iron gate, the zombie clone could jump through the window of the sentry cabin and enter the prison.

Fang Heng quickly came up with a battle plan.

He stood on a small slope and carefully controlled the zombie clones to let them enter the sentry cabin.

After killing two zombies in the sentry cabin, the fifteen zombie clones went through the window and arrived at the prison square.

Done! The invasion has been successful!

Fang Heng clapped his hands and sat down on the lawn, ordering the zombies to freely clean up the zombies in the prison.

Then, he could hang up the phone slowly.

[Hint: Your zombie clone has launched an attack on ordinary zombies. The attack has hit the target. Your basic training - strength experience points +1.]

[Hint: Your zombie clone has launched an attack on ordinary zombies. The attack has hit the target. Your basic training - strength experience points +1.]

[Hint: Your zombie clone has launched an attack on ordinary zombies. The attack has hit the target. Your basic training - strength experience points +1.]

[Hint: Your zombie clone has killed an ordinary zombie. You have gained 2 survival points.]

[Hint: Your zombie clone...]

Just as he had guessed, the zombie clone could increase his strength training skill experience points by attacking.

He estimated that the skill experience points would be maxed out very soon.

On the lawn, Fang Heng would occasionally flip through the game log. He was bored.

It wasn't that he wanted to slack off. As a human being, he really couldn't be of much help in this situation.

He just needed to wait for the zombies to gain experience.

Or, he could just go back to the cabin?

After thinking for a while, Fang Heng decided to check again. He took out the survival radio from his backpack and read the conversations of the other players on the survival radio to kill time.

"Eh? Someone has sent a private message? More than half an hour ago?"

Fang Heng opened his private message to check.

The person who sent the message was the player who sold him the location of the apocalypse merchant camp yesterday. His name was Lu Yu.

Lu Yu: "Boss, an SSS-level mission at the apocalypse merchant camp has been completed. Is it you?"

"Yes, what's the matter?"

...

"F*ck! ! It's really him! It's him!"

After receiving Fang Heng's confirmation, Lu Yu cried out in shock.

This morning, when he and his companion were accepting the mission at the apocalypse merchant camp, they discovered that the SSS-level mission had actually disappeared into thin air!

Almost subconsciously, Lu Yu thought of the big shot who had spent 20 points to inquire about the location of the apocalypse merchant yesterday.

Could it be that he had completed the mission?

After receiving an affirmative reply from Fang Heng, Zhou Yi, who was travelling with Lu Yu, also opened his mouth wide in disbelief.

"Impossible! How could this mission be completed?! He must have used some kind of trick, right?!"

Lu Yu looked at Zhou Yi and shook his head, indicating that he did not know.

He sent another message to Fang Heng.

"How did you do it?"

After a while, Fang Heng's reply came back.

"100 survival points."

"F*ck!"

Lu Yu cursed in a low voice.

"It must be a super awesome combat-type talent attribute. Otherwise, it would be impossible to clear out the entire camp!"

Zhou Yi lowered his head and analyzed the information in his mind. Suddenly, he raised his head and stared at Lu Yu.

"Let's go offline. Such a powerful boss would not be unknown in the game. Go check his identity and think of a way to poach him into our company."

"I've already said that he's a big boss. I don't think he's willing to come to your small and broken company, right?"

"Let's give it a try. Even if we can't poach him, it won't be a loss to work with him."

Zhou Yi was not even prepared to complete the mission that he had planned to complete today. He turned his head and looked at Lu Yu. "I'll go offline to check his information. Help me guard the simple bed."

"Hurry back."
